,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Alive museum,What a funny museum! A great way to trigger the creative mind! We had a great time being here and challenge our bodies in different positions!, January 2020
1,5.0,Fun 👍,"A very nice place to go with your friends ^^ gets really funny in some parts and even challenging, might get crowded on Sundays but still a fun way to spend time 😊", September 2018
2,5.0,A Day of Fun,I had a great time and I went solo! FYI The museum allows you to rent tripods! I took these photos myself. The place is really cool!!!, July 2019
3,4.0,better than trick art,We decided to do this because of we got the Discovery Seoul Pass. It was tricky looking for this place using naver (google map does not work well in Korea). It was actually located in the same basement as Dynamic Maze.  There are a lot more interactive exhibits here than the, June 2019
4,5.0,Let the inner child out ❤️," Yesterday, I had the pleasure of reviewing The Alive Museum in Insa-dong. This is the largest 4D Art Museum in Korea, featuring tons of fun-artsy-stimulate-your-senses rooms where you can take pictures and truly enjoy yourself and just be a kid again. I was either smiling or", May 2019
5,3.0,Check out the alive cafe,The best part for me is the Alive cafe where you can seem like you are into a comics.  No actual food of course. Interesting place., February 2019
6,3.0,Construction,"They are currently having construction going on so I’m assuming the trick eye museum might be better at this time. However, we did enjoy ourselves and got some funny pics. We went as a small group and I wouldn’t recommend this as a solo activity because a selfie stick won’t work", November 2018
7,3.0,Fun place ,We went there when the place is undergoing renovation. So limited exposure. If you are choosing between trickeye and alive Museum. I will recommend trickeye museum. , November 2018
8,3.0,Good for kids ,"This was very average. I'm sure it's fine for kids, but nothing exciting or very interesting for adults. Plus, works were being done and half of it was closed off, so not ideal. ", October 2018
9,4.0,Funny pics,"Is really interesting, newer been like that before, many interesting room.. but better go there not alone, the best with some company", September 2017
10,5.0,SO MUCH FUN!,"This place is incredible! If Im being completely honest, I enjoyed it much more than Trick eye museum. I felt this place had WAY more options and more illusions to view and take photos with.   As everyone says, NOT good for solo travelers as you need someone else taking your", January 2018
11,4.0,Fun Experience ,"Came here with my husband. It was a fun and enjoyable experience in the Alive Museum. You can take pictures in different angles and it’ll show as if you’re part of the painting. There are other “adventures” in the museum like Poopoo World, the Dynamic Maze and Dark Room. We", January 2018
12,5.0,Blow your mind,"I took my 4 year old son and husband to the Alive Museum, and it was a lot of fun! This place is very popular and suitable for all ages, young and old. We probably spent at least an hour here, as there were a lot of fun murals, which you could take photos with. The museum is at", December 2017
13,2.0,Not for solo visitors,"It's fun inside, but only if you go together with someone else, or as a family or group of friends, not alone. Selfies are worthless. Solo travelers could better spend their time elsewhere.", August 2017
14,4.0,SUPER SUPER FUN!!,"Admission fee: 12,000 won (about $12)  Subway Line 5 Jongno 3-ga Station exit 5 Subway Line 1 Jongno 3-ga Station exit 1 Subway Line 1 Jonggak Station exit 11 Subway Line 3 Anguk Station exit 6  House: 9am-8:30pm  If you love taking funny photos... this is the perfect place for", April 2017
15,5.0,Wayyyy better than I expected,"Ok, first off, Insadong is known for its korean traditional authenticity so I didn't have high hopes due to its location. However the place was amazing, better than it's counterpart too, my friends and I went in to escape the heat and came out flushed with excitement and our", June 2017
16,4.0,Enjoyable,"My husband and I recently visited here. We had a really great time. I myself am obsessed with Alice and Wonderland so I throughly enjoyed the ""Black wonderland"" exhibit. I'm not sure if it's permanent or not but it was very fun and interesting! The paintings were fantastic and", June 2017
17,4.0,Get the Discover Seoul Pass,We went to this place as part of the Discover Seoul Pass. Admission was free for the family. We thoroughly enjoyed taking pictures in all the sets especially the ones in the dark room. , May 2017
18,5.0,Alive,First time in an alive museum. Awesome experience! We had a lot of fun! Quite an experience for foreigners, April 2017
19,5.0,"First time at a Trick Eye Museums, Really fun!!","We went to Insadong several times, the second time I took my two teenage grandchildren to the museum while the others shopped. We got right in, no waiting. We only had 1 1/2 hours and wished we would have had a full two hours or more. We had a blast being silly and taking", April 2017
20,3.0,Was ok ,If u are into 3D pictures.. u might like this place..  But otherwise its not that special.. Liked the different ideas but i believe it could have been better..  Specially with cleaning the area..   I bought the combined ticket for the maze and the alive meusum. . For 18k , April 2017
21,4.0,Add on the dynamic maze if you go with your kids!,My children loved this place.  The Alive Museum and Dynamic Maze.  We got there as soon as it opened so didn't have to contend with crowds.  I imagine my review may be different if we were there on a weekend or during a busy time.  You have to place all belongings in a locker to, February 2017
22,4.0,Not too many collections compared to other countries,The art pieces are somehow limited in comparison to the museums in other countries. Still a fun way to bond with friends and families. Recommended if you love taking pics or just having fun with friends. Otherwise you can skip this place..., January 2017
23,2.0,Poor arrangement of photo spots,"The museum itself is interesting. Yet too packed. When taking photo for one, one will be blocking the photo of other so this overlapping lower the value and enjoyment at the attraction. Also, the queue for ticketing is long. ", January 2017
24,5.0,Excellent experience,The best place to visit if the weather is bad. Allocate 2-3hours for this place. Go early to avoid crowds. , November 2016
25,5.0,Our family had fun being creative,"We had fun taking pictures of ourselves in so many different scenes. This attraction is ideal for couples, families or small groups, so you can take pictures of each other. The instructions are also available in English and the staff knew enough English to answer all our", October 2016
26,4.0,Very cold....,After going to many trickeye museums they become sort of monotonous.  This museum is slightly better than the original trickeye museum but was very cold due to lack of heating... I went on November 1..., November 2016
27,5.0,A good place to spend an hour or so with kids,"We went to this attraction in Insadong expecting an activity which would appeal to the 8 and 11-year old in our group.  It did not disappoint in that, and really was fun and interactive for everyone in our family.  ", October 2016
28,4.0,Interesting for first-timer,"It is not hard to find, from Insadong station walk almost till the end. We got voucher for Alive Museum & Dynamic Maze. You can take a lot photos in it, some of it comes with instruction and some don't (you have to use your creativity then!). It takes around 1-2 hours for us to", June 2016
29,4.0,Quite interesting and what an adventure,"We play the maze and it was quite interesting. We also go for the Alive museum which is very good. So many good pictures that we took, that the tour guide have to ask us to hurry.", July 2016
30,3.0,"After visiting Jeju's as well as the Trick art museum, we feel that the Insadong Alive museum was abit trite ",Certainly not as good as the 2 mentioned above but it was still fun for our 5 year old. We also feel that some exhibits were rather tasteless and it can do better to go for originality and wit.  Tip: search online for foreigner discount coupons before your trip.  U may also got, June 2016
31,5.0,What a fun place to visit even after you have done the Trick Art Museum.,"We did the Trick Art Museum on Jeju Island, so we decided to do the Alive Museum while in Seoul. We did a combination ticket from Seoulpass.com for both the Alive Museum and the Dynamic Maze. The Alive museum is different than the Trick Art Museum in that you need to do a lot", June 2016
32,5.0,A really good time,"I had the chance to go in several same kind of museum in other countries and this one was by far the best, really realistic and a large choice ""alive pictures"", obviously you need someone to take you in photo so don't go alone !", May 2016
33,5.0,So Much Fun!,"My husband and I were on my final day of vacation and we were done with temples.  While wandering around Insa-Dong we just happened to notice a sign for the Alive Museum and wondered down to see what it was.  OMG, what a smart move!   This museum has two attractions  1) a maze", April 2016
34,5.0,Thanks for amazing time!,"Hello!My friend and I had amazing time in your museum.We had fun,took a lot of great photos and was full of joy and positive mood!The museum is interesting,unusual with great pictures.Will recommend your place to my friends,cowokers and my relatives.Thank you one more time☺Wish", April 2016
35,2.0,No discount given despite voucher ,I had a poor experience there where the Chinese speaking counter lady refused to acknowledge the discount voucher I had from the KTO. She said the discount was already given since I got the maze/museum package. But later I verified online that this is not the case. , March 2016
36,3.0,Alive Museum,"difficult to find the place, it is situated at the lower ground, same place as a maze area. You can actually pay for both if u are interested in going for the maze as well. Have a great laugh with my sisters. And managed to take a few funny shots together. I have been wanting to", March 2016
37,4.0,3D Arts Museum at Insadong,"Alive Museum is the 1st Brand of 3D (Trick Art) Museum of Korea. This branch is the Main & Biggest one. A lot of 3D painting here. Don't forget to try ""Dynamic Maze"" which is located in the same building.... very fun !!!", October 2015
38,4.0,Fun way to spend a few hours,"Did this on our last day in Seoul. The grandkids had a good time. Lots of photo ops. The maze was fun to do also. This is a good family experience. A little pricey at 18000 Won apiece, the kids cost the same as adults.  ", January 2016
39,4.0,Do something silly!,"This is a fun place to go if you're in the neighbourhood. Let loose and have fun taking pictures. While you're there you may as well do the dynamic escape if you're with a friend. Absolutely hilarious, especially for grown adults - it feels like you're on one of those hilarious", December 2015
40,4.0,Fun on a rainy day.,A bit of light fun. Came away with some great photos for the album.  Sometime things lost in translation. Some of the exhibits a bit dusty which affected the pictures. Worth popping in if you're in the area., December 2015
41,4.0,A fun place to spend 2 hours,I was travelling alone and visited this place on rainy winter afternoon.  I am adult and quite plain in personality but this place turned out to be quite interesting.  The only catch is you need to go with friends in order to take lots of photo shoots to keep in as memory.   I, December 2015
42,3.0,Small,"not all place have indication how to take the best picture, so most of the time we just guessing, this place also full with Chinese group tour, made the experience was not pleasant at all, not because of the place but because of the atmosphere and the people.", October 2015
43,5.0,A funny place,"It's a really funny place, you will enjoy it. I recommend visiting it after going to museums. This place will make laugh endlessly", August 2015
44,3.0,Fun discovery,Not the most unique however still fun for half an hour. A cool place for some fun pictures.   You'll still want to go to the Trick Eye museum after. Although the attached Dynamic Maze is pretty fun. , October 2015
45,4.0,Silly fun,We were lucky enough to have visited the museum as it was not crowded. It was just us and another young family. It is not a must-see but it was something fun., September 2015
46,3.0,Fun afternoon,"Went with a few friends on a Saturday afternoon and it was extremely crowded, as tends to be everything else is Seoul. The large crowds did make the visit slightly less enjoyable, but overall we still had a good time. It was interesting and interactive, and had us laughing quite", August 2015
47,3.0,This is worth one visit only,There were only limited instructions on how to position the camera. Some of the signage didn't make much sense at all. The place was a bit stuffy when I visited but it may be due to the number of people who were at the venue at the same time., October 2015
48,4.0,Pretty good,This museum is pretty good but not the best one in the city. It would be better if they would give you pointers or ideas on how to stand and where to take pictures for all of them.  Cool but not the best one in the city, September 2015
49,4.0,"Great for clever, wacky photo opportunities!","My two daughters, aged 13 and 10, loved going round this museum taking some amazing photos, like of them brushing the Mona Lisa's hair, being in a photo in the President's office, being a baby in a pram, being attacked by a crocodile to name but a few!! A great family activity.", August 2015
50,4.0,Worth a visit,An interesting experience with all the tracks inside. Next to a local shopping zone with lot of foods and clothing for local shoppers.., May 2015
51,4.0,Fun to go once,We really enjoyed this museum! It's different from places I've been to before and great if you want to have a laugh. I think it is worth visiting once. However not all the scenes look very realistic after having taken a photo! But others really do., April 2015
52,5.0,Another Must to visit,The place is full of spots for photo-taking with various 3D posture.  Entry fee is required. Be sure to charge up the battery to visit this place., August 2015
53,2.0,Once a visit - try Dynamic Maze,"Not much good, once a visit, but try dynamic maze, it was awesome and really worth. Something new i have tried.", July 2015
54,4.0,Go with someone,I went to Korea by myself.  So I went in this museum by myself.  Very cool artwork.  But definitely a lot better if you go with someone else so that you can get really good pics with these funky artwork., April 2015
55,2.0,"Boring, not set up well","Before this I went to trick art which was set up well, the photos looked pretty realistic later. Here there are not as many things and everything looks fake on the photo later.", July 2015
56,4.0,Its very fun!,When we first got there it was awkward because you go straight in to large room with objects every where but it was all fun after because the pictures are hilarious!  , July 2015
57,5.0,great fun,we went here with some friends and children; and had great fun clicking all kinds of wacky photographs. you just need to let your hair down and it will be a lot of fun ! our teens were initially a little hesitant since it was probably not cool enough; but finally they enjoyed it, June 2015
58,4.0,Entertaining,"Not a bad way to spend an hour or two if you like taking funny pictures! There were a few groups of school kids there on field trips when we went, but we didn't mind. It wasn't super busy, and it was a nice break from the heat outside.", May 2015
59,4.0,Pictures pictures and more pictures,"We spent a longer time in this place then we anticipated.  It's a 4D photo backdrop place, where you can take MANY pictures....It was fun in the beginning, by the time we got to the 2nd floor, we were tired of taking pictures and sped through the rest of the backdrops. We visit", April 2015
60,4.0,Cool place for photos,"We visited this place during Lunar new year which was a mistake. The museum was extremely crowded. It took us a long time to get through all of the exhibits and we decided to skip some because of the time. They had a dark exhibit as well but it was in Korean, hope they put an", February 2015
61,3.0,"Mildly Amusing, Overly Crowded","The Alive Museum is basically a ""selfie gallery"" - you take pictures of yourself in front of various paintings. There's some use of perspective illusions, but nothing too amazing. The whole exhibit is only mildly amusing to begin with, but the crowds were a total buzzkill. For", February 2015
62,5.0,Great fun for the kids,"We made a stop to please our kids (7 and 9) after some visits to palace and old town. I thought it would be a quick stop and decided to wait outside for my husband and the kids. Tickets are not cheap with 25,000 won for adults. They spent more then one hour inside and had a lot", February 2015
63,4.0,Really fun!,"Went there with some friends and had so much fun. Recommend getting in at least 2 hours before it closes (8:30pm), because you will spend time there taking pictures. There are many couple oriented exhibits (some websites advertise it as a place for dating). Whatever the case,", February 2015
64,5.0,"Amazing, fascinating and interesting",My hubby and son really enjoyed their time here. We explore every corner of the place armed with full charged cell phones. We laughed and have fun taking turns for our photo ops. , November 2014
65,4.0,Fun,"Our 11 year old was keen to visit this place,  and after spending a few hours at Seoul's excellent war memorial museum, we thought we owed her a couple of hours of fun, and, we got it.  Huge number of optical illusion photograph opportunities in this museum. Lots of fun for", December 2014
66,3.0,Loads of fun with the right people!,"Can be awesome if you have the right people with you, who are not ashamed of embarrassing themselves.   +++++A lot of laughter ensured! (with the right people) + Location is accessible if you are in insadong + Price is not bad  - The one in Hongdae is in my opinion a bit better.", September 2014
67,5.0,Interesting and worth the money,"Bigger than the TrickEye Museum in Jeju and more interesting. They are 3D Arts, not just frames of paintings. Every Art has explanation and position spot for you to take photos.", December 2014
68,3.0,Good photo effects but not all are a hit,"Read some of the reviews about it and got tickets thro a booking website.  Was a bit confusing collecting the tickets as there are 2 Alive Museums along the same street in Insadong, Seoul. The main branch  that we went to was at the south end of Insadong, while is other branch", December 2014
69,5.0,能拍很有趣的照片,"下次會再光臨 第一次來，有許多展品 Being here for the first time, will come back again", December 2014
70,4.0,So enjoyable!,It was indeed a great experience and fun to go to. Test your skills with the 3Ds and those hillarious pictures taken were worth the effort. Its value for money too as you'll get to enjoy the Ice Museum eventhough not much offered there., October 2014
71,2.0,Definitely requires a big group visit,"In this museum you can pose with the trompe l'oeil paintings and have your friends take a picture.    It might be fun with a group of friends.  I found the scenes all a bit kitschy (Bruce Lee karate move, King Kong, Jaws).  ", November 2014
72,2.0,Gimmicky,"If you have to make a choice between the Trick eye museum vs Alive Museum, always choose the Trick eye museum.  (PS: Trick eye museum tickets also include the Ice Museum).    Perhaps only school children will enjoy the Alive Museum.  Found most of the pictures too", October 2014
73,4.0,"mmmmm, something","I must have seen this kind of museums, and I was not too happy with the diversity of the museum, it's just something for tourists who come to Insadong street", September 2014
74,5.0,Fun place,"Went there with my family and it was very fun, took a bunch of pics of their great artwork with silly pose. Very interesting place. And remember to get the discount coupon which we cut out from a book/pamphlet we took from the Insadong Information Center.", October 2014
75,5.0,cool place !!!!,I went there with my friends when we were in Seoul for travel. We had fun and we took a lot of pics with their cool artwork with funny pose. Love the red bean bread at the coffee shop in front the entrance. Hope we can visit there again next time., September 2014
76,5.0,Excellent place for everyone!,"I went there with my friends. This is my first time visiting Korea and the 3D museum in Korea. It's much better than every 3D museum I've been through. There are many interesting and new innovations. It's very good for having fun with friends and family. Also, the place is", August 2014
77,4.0,A good playground for me and friends!,"I've been there with friends when I went to Seoul on early of August, me and friends had a very great funny times and memories when we were playing around with 3D artworks there. Their contents quality is not too bad but I think they shouldn't combined the cafe zone and entrance", August 2014
78,5.0,This is fun park with fantastic arts .... A lot of fun ...love it,หลังจากได้อ่านรีวิว จากBlogger หลายคนก็เลยลองเข้าไปเที่ยว Alive Museum จะมีตุ๊กตา ไดโน่เสาร์สีแดง  อยู่ข้างซุ้มประตูสูงๆเห็นได้ขัด มองลงไปจะมีบันไดวยลงไป มีก้น ช้างโผล่มาดูน่ารักดีครับ  ที่ขายบัตรมีพนักงานให้ข้อมูลดีครับ พูดอังกฤษได้ด้วย ระหว่างนั่งพัก, September 2014
79,4.0,Fun!,Had great fun. Different collection from the Trick Art Museum in Jeju. Interesting layout and collection. , September 2014
80,4.0,Great fun for all ages,"My kids (12 and 10) and I loved this place!  Not all the photos turned out as perfect as I would of liked - but still worth it - they put in a lot of effort!  Bathroom was a bit difficult to get to though - my daughter had to rush through a bunch of rooms passing up things, find", July 2014
81,5.0,Creative and Fun Place!,"There were 6 of us. The one who enjoy the museum a lot was mom! We spent several hours inside laughing all the way through. I recommend you visit here with your friends or family, that will double or triple your hilarious that turns your ordinary day into wonderful memory. I", August 2014
82,2.0,Poor second to Trick Museum,"Lighting was not optimal, exhibits were few and overall, poor value for money. Admission fees are higher than Trick Eye", August 2014
83,4.0,Great fun for photo fans!,"This is such a fun place!!! It is basically a large collection of carefully designed settings that you can put yourself into and have photos taken by your friends and it looks like you are in bizarre scenarios, such as being steamrollered or falling from a bridge into a ravine,", August 2014
84,4.0,Very good and easy to lose several hours here,Went with a group of six (11 to 50) and all had fun. Also visited the Trickeye Museum. I thought this was better but those younger than me thought Trickeye was the best. The youngest (11) thought the farting elephant on the way in was hilarious., August 2014
85,5.0,I had fun taking photos here! just more than trick art. A Recommended visit place in Insadong,"Went through the two floors packed with Photo Booths of Trick Art, and was Awhhed and Wowwed multipe times of the Creative thinking.  I got to take pictures in a pose I never tried before, which makes all the giggles and memories :)  This museum just opened after the sucess of", April 2014
