,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Weekly trail hike,"I love being out there especially in the crips morning, maybe mostly to avoid a lot of other people.   It is also quite interesting to walk on elevated wooden roadways.   The signs say it will take between 2-3 hours you can easily do it under 2 hours I believe. ", October 2019
1,3.0,Short but steep,"Shorter than many other trails in Seoul mountains, Ansan is beautiful but steep, especially the northern end.", April 2019
2,5.0,A bit tough to reach the trail start,The amazing trail on high areas of Ansan Mountain. Good to walk around for 2~3 hours feeling the forest and views. - The mountainous zone of Ansan-Inwangsan-Bugaksan is dividing northern and middle areas of Seoul. Ansan is the one on the west. - We started from Muakjae Sky, September 2019
3,5.0,My weekly outdoor exercise,The Jarak-gil trail of Ansan is a very well developed fairly easy trail to hike. It is crowded on the weekends but less so than some other mountains such as Bukhansan (also worth hiking but on a less crowded weekday). I recommend going off the trail to really explore the, June 2019
4,5.0,Climb to the top!,"I went to this mountain with my husband on a Sunday morning with the plan to have a relaxing walk along the Ansan Jarak-gil. This wooden path is a loop around the mountain, designed for strollers and wheelchairs. But once there we decided to go up to the Fire Beacon on the top", May 2019
5,5.0,Great nature park. Wide range of terrain for a smallish park,"Totally enjoyed myself here. I like hiking, but have little opportunity to do so. Came here with no expectations except a 4.6 out of 5 rating on google. Totally satisfied.  The park centres around a peak of approx 280-290m height. most trails are under the shade of trees, which", May 2019
6,5.0,Hidden nature treat! ,This is a recommended site for those who have perhaps been to Seoul a few times and feel like they have seen a lot of the tourist sights that the city has to offer. For a change we decided to stay at the nearby Hilton Grand hotel and we came across this hidden gem of a hike, September 2018
7,4.0,Hiking trail suitable for all,"Ansan Jarak-gil is a 7 kms circular walking trail located in Seodaemun-gu, the path was designed and created in 2013 suitable for strollers, wheelchairs, senior citizens, pregnant women and children.  The path takes you on a gentle slope, through forest and with good views of", April 2018
