,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Great modern art museum and building,Interesting modern art museum in an interesting building.  The installations make excellent use of the space - for example bathroom themes in old bathrooms- and fit well.  Watch your head - some of the ceilings are low.  Eat at the coffee shop next door and get a discount on, January 2020
1,5.0,Interesting Use of Space,"I loved the way the art pieces were arranged around the building (even in the toilets). It was definitely one of the most interesting repurposed building, considering the layout was a little strange in the first place with cramped stairs and low-ceilings in places.  Much of the", November 2019
2,5.0,Great Modern Art,Go and check it out. Great art in a unique setting. They made good use of the existing building and you get a good mix of modern art pieces. Can't understand the people not into modern art giving a bad rating. Don't go there if you don't like it in the first place. I don't like, September 2019
3,3.0,Only for the avid art lovers,Ok I just did not get any of the pieces. I know it is modern art but none of the installations made any sense to us. The museum is pretty small and we thought that the fee (~$20 for two) was a bit too steep for what’s inside.  I did like the building design though and they also, May 2019
4,2.0,Weird display of modern art,"Disclaimer: I can’t stand modern art.  However, this museum convinced me that I will never enjoy it. Don’t get me wrong. There were about three things that I liked there but hated the rest. I will share 5 of the weirdest ones and 3 that I liked. To get to this museum, you will", May 2019
5,5.0,Intriguing modern art!,"Very funny building, you feel like an explorer, finding works of art in all sorts of nooks and crannies. Lots of video-art, lots of Asian art, very nicely curated by a seriously good collector, I loved this museum. Full of surprises. It looked closed from the outside, I am glad", January 2019
6,4.0,小巧有特色,館內可看到名和晃平、Damien Hirst 、Cindy Sherman、Andy Warhol 、白南准、Keith Haring等作品，而玻璃屋內有法式、義式、日式料理與cafe，算是小巧有特色的美術館～, November 2018
7,5.0,Truly unique art museum experience,"We loved Arario Museum in Space. We only had time for one art museum in Seoul and we're so glad we chose this! Truly unique experience, we loved every minute of it. The combination of the building and the art is captivating.", October 2018
8,5.0,Amazing and refreshing Gallery in a beautiful space.,"Visited alone one morning, the whole experience, from the audio guide to the artworks themselves was really great. The space was really interesting and well designed. I find that sometimes Asian galleries can be a bit hit and miss, but this was a hit.  Staff were a bit cold, I", October 2018
9,5.0,Outstanding collection of contemporary works,"Fans of finely curated contemporary art collections will find much to enjoy at Arario Museum in Space. Open Tuesday to Sunday, it's nearby a number of other attractions including the Insadong-Gil shopping strip and Bukchon Hanok village. The museum is housed in a labyrinthine", July 2018
10,4.0,Amazing Museum,"We choose to add this place to our trip itinerary in the last day trip. The museum is absolutely beautiful and amazing. Lots of great picture can be taken here. Entrance fee is 10,000 KRW", March 2018
11,5.0,Beautiful space to experience modern art,"Arario might be one of my favorite museums in the world. The art contained inside is beautiful, intriguing, and many pieces are by world-renowned artists, but it's the space itself that really drew me in. The narrow nature of the building encourages unexpected, intimate views of", February 2017
12,4.0,Modern art is not for everyone,"Whoever is still interested, should check out this place. It's a maze of rooms filled with art pieces, some needing time to be understood.  I spent only one hour there (closing time), and left with more questions than answers, but it was well worth for my learning curve.  Cosy", August 2017
13,5.0,Impressive,"Quirky modern art museum, quirky in  the sense of the way exhibits are displayed. You follow a narrow labyrinthine route round the building watching your head for low ceilings in some places.Good cafe  too.", April 2017
14,5.0,One of a kind,"This place is one of the weirdest museums i ever been lol i really loved it! So unique! This is modern and contemporary art at his finest! Lots of great pictures can be taken here! Entrance is 10,000 KRW. This is really a must if you like museums", February 2017
15,5.0,Amazing,Our son enjoys modern art and so we choose to add this gallery to our trip itinerary. We found though we all thoroughly enjoyed this gallery and found it most interesting. My only comment would be there are alot of stairs to get up to the different levels and some are very, December 2016
16,4.0,Eclectic modern art,"Fun collection (Warhol, Cindy Sherman Etc.) in an even more enchanting building. Winding staircase gets smaller as you get to the top. Architecturally stunning. Fantastic cafe in narrow glass room not to be missed! Great coffee stop with or without the collection. Right next to", August 2016
17,5.0,Mind blowing!,"We unexpectedly stopped in here to get some air conditioning on a hot day, and had no idea that we were about to have one of the most profound art experiences of our lives. In particular, the Kohei Nawa pieces (the video piece in particular) are phenomenal. The architecture of", June 2016
18,4.0,"Odd, yet enjoyable ","Just happened to brush by here while trying to go to the palace. What a strange museum. I am not by any means into the modern art scene, but I was glad I decided to check out this place. The building is absolutely beautiful and amazing to walk through. The exhibits were bizarre!", May 2016
19,5.0,"A ""Must"" if you are into mdern art","An interesting building with even alot more interesting art. The owner, an artist himself, has put together a very interesting collection of modern international and asian art. Tip: if your journey leads you to Jeju-Island, dont miss the Arario-Museums there. They are the best I", April 2016
20,4.0,Mostly funny,"This place is original enough to warrant a stop! First the building itself is incredible, built as a labyrinth, it allows for unexpected detours. Then some of the art presented is (to my eyes) interesting even if most is (to my eyes) ... well... Welcome is nice and  there are", April 2016
21,5.0,"Excellent,even if you normally hate contemporary art!","Impressive, was initially reluctant as it was around 10euro in and I had never heard of the place, is right beside the royal palace, exhibitions are well laid out, unusual layout in each room, works include tracey emmins/marc quinn, lots of famous artists, meticulous detail, I", January 2016
22,5.0,Excellent museum,If you like modern art - especially conceptual art - make sure to check out the Arario museum. It's the brainchild of a local Korean businessman and art collector who bought and converted an old building to house pieces from his personal collection. The ivy covered building is, November 2015
23,5.0,Pricey but excellent,"The building itself is a work of art. Covered in shrubs and greenery, with footpaths and connections between exhibits it makes navigating an experience. What was most striking is how intimate the experience is. This isn't a crowded museum so you are able to interact or", September 2015
24,5.0,Random and amazing,"This is a small modern-art museum in a quirky old office building. It was recommended to us by a Korean national who resides in Sydney.  Apparently it features selected items from the collection of a famous and prolific South Korean collector.    It's well worth a look, and easy", June 2015
