,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Kdrama shooting location,"This is a small museum mansion. Built in 1913 by a pro-Japanese business tycoon, later bought by several people and in the end bought by Baek In Jae-an activist. The mansion has tatami room. Worth a visit.", October 2019
1,4.0,Small but great house museum to visit,"This house is definitely small and a bit hard to locate (the entry point is on 7-gil, which looks like a little side street turnoff from the community center on the corner), but well worth the visit. There is a single guided tour that is offered daily and the language in which", October 2019
2,3.0,only took about 15 minutes,All the rooms were blocked off so you can only look in through the windows.  It was nice to see what the traditional house looked like with all the furniture.  We were there less than 15 minutes.  Good thing it was free because I would not pay money for this place., August 2019
3,5.0,Amazing Hanok Museum,"One of the best Hanok experiences in Seoul for me. You can visit the inside of the yard and the house, the old house architecture with wooden doors and awnings make the pictures taken very beautiful. You can visit for free, the museum area is quite hidden so the number of", June 2019
4,5.0,Worth a detour to visit,"Like many tourists we came across this accidentally - we'd walked around the village and saw the signs for this, assuming it would be a paid for tourist attraction rather than museum. We walked up the hill and eventually found it - a quiet oasis.  It really gave us an insight", December 2018
5,5.0,W-O-W. Significant. And it's FREE!,"After walking around Bukchon Hanok Village, we were looking for toilets when we chanced upon this. Turned out to be the best consequence of a bathroom-search:)  Located up a side road, it's almost devoid of tourists. Walking around the Baek In-Je House, I could imagine how the", November 2018
6,5.0,This really is an amazing place! Dont miss it!!,"This museum is for free and should not be overlooked if you are interested in history and culture. For granted, this was inhabited by a very rich person and does not symbolize how ""people lived"" in any way. I could just wander around and let my fantasy roam! I would love to", July 2018
7,5.0,Love It and Genuine,"This traditional house is a nice place in order to discover the traditional Korean way of life It s like a Museum , when I visited there was not any entrance fees One courtyard was dedicated to a piano concert It s located on a small street  Magical, peaceful garden, nice spot", May 2018
8,5.0,Excellent example of a historical home with videos and plaques to help explain it,"Well manicured historical home with preserved furniture and building.  There are videos to explain the history as well as plaques to identify the different aspects of the home.    I visited as part of the free tour from the Incheon Airport, so I can't speak about how easy it is", October 2017
9,5.0,A nice historical house ,Well worth a visit if you are in the bukchon area.  This house museum is free and gives you a look into how life was like for the Korean elite in the past. This is a real house that has been converted to a museum. It is in the middle of other old historical houses that people, August 2017
10,5.0,Amazing experience than expected,"although not planning to visit this place and found it while wandering in the Bukchon hanok village area, we very absolutely satisfied with our 1hr visit here.  unique designate in a traditional style. Nice and quiet garden with beautiful flowers. cozy and historical", May 2017
11,5.0,Good to see with Furniture,A Bukchon house that has been refurbished with added furniture to represent the life the occupants may have experienced. Interesting and a good addition to walking around the Bukchon Samcheong Dong area. Free to enter., February 2017
12,5.0,Fantastic! Best place I visited in South Korea!,"Stumbled upon this house as we meandered through Bukchon. So absolutely thrilled that we did.  This is a beautifully restored upper class 'modern Hanok' home. Privately owned and closed to the public until bought by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, restored and opened in 2015,", October 2016
13,4.0,Cozy + Short Historical Walk,"Baek In-Je House Museum is a wonderful place for visitors who are on their track to find Bukchon 8 Spots because it is located in the same area (Bukchon Hanok Village). Although the house was not really huge, the house is full of surprised because you'll get to see how people", June 2016
