,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Lovely Environment,"I felt that this is a good way to enjoy  and observe how the local spends their weekend. I was there on Saturday night - very lovely atmosphere - good flea market of handmade stuff, tattooist, good food and beautiful light show by the bridge.   Nice place to go for a picnic", September 2019
1,5.0,Enjoyed a colorful night beside the river .,"A quite beautiful and colorful fountain display from the ""Banpo Bridge"". You can enjoy the display after every half an hour from evening till 9:00 pm. Great place for refreshments and fresh air.", October 2019
2,5.0,Different kind of light show,"Quite a distance walking from express bus terminal metro station, anyway it is worth it watching the light shower where water jets coming out from side of the bridge. The timing of shows are 7.30pm, 8pm, 8.30pm, 9pm. Each show lasts around 20mins. There are some food stalls", October 2019
3,3.0,Better seen from the hanging cafe on the Dongjak bridge,"If you want to get a better view of the entire Banpo bridge go to the hanging cafe on the Dongjak bridge, you will see steams of colored water. If you want to see it up close, take the #9 line and exit at the express bus terminal, follow the signs and you will walk about 20", October 2019
4,5.0,Great on an evening ,"I loved this area! Went on a Friday night, watched the show which was very relaxing! Then walked over through all the other buildings, and a night market with food trucks! I think its worth seeing, and ita free!", September 2019
5,3.0,Light show ,"Nice parc, perfect for strolls. At night, the bridge has a light show. It just misses music but it’s a nice show. It’s best to see it when it is really dark. ", May 2019
6,3.0,Light show ,The light show was quite average and certainly not worth the 30 minute bus journey we took to get there. It was not really a ‘show’ but just coloured lights on the side of the bridge. Definitely worth going to if you’re in walking distance but not worth going to if you have a, August 2019
7,5.0,Good vibes,"Good times don’t need to be expensive. Come here for a night out. Bring a friend along. Sit down on the stairs, or bring a blanket. Grab some snacks and drinks from the local food truck. Enjoy the colorful water fountain show. Afterwards, walk to the floating islands. Take in", August 2019
8,3.0,not that  spectacular,"I went there with high expectations and was a bit disappointed. It wasn't as colorful as i imagined, it was just a really long water fountain. The park near it was nice to hang out at night though. Lots of food stalls are open and there are live performances too.", June 2019
9,3.0,More spectacle than spectacular . . .,. . . is how one tour guide accurately describes this attraction. We walked from the JW Marriott Seoul and were less than impressed -- but the Banpo Hangang Park is lovely for sitting out on a cool Seoul evening., May 2019
10,4.0,A great picnic place!,"It's great for picnic on Spring or Fall. You can enjoy the fountain also at night, but it's only beautiful after the sunset. Luckily there was a firework when I visited the bridge, so it's mire beautiful.", May 2019
11,2.0,Disappointing,"The descriptions make it seem like a place you really want to go, but I was disappointed when I saw the 'show'. They play music and the fountain moves up and down a bit and does a wave pattern and that's pretty much it. You can barely see the coloured lights. I loved the", May 2019
12,4.0,Amazing,Lots of people visit here in the evening for light show. There are a lot of food trucks and mobile shop here. You better prepare mat to sit on the floor while the show in on., May 2019
13,3.0,Okay lah,"Its something new, fountain bridge but not colourful enough if you want to take pictures with it. They played songs when the fountain comes on which lasted 20 mins or more. We left after that cos theres nothing much to do after you have pictures taken unless you want to enjoy", April 2019
14,3.0,Not so exciting visit,"Went there as it supposed to be a rainbow fountain festival only to find out that it only happens on Friday and Saturday nights when we reached the place.  Without this feature, the visit was only so so and probably not worth the hassle going there.  There were some nice", April 2019
15,4.0,Fountain show in banpo bridge,Arrive at Express Bus terminal subway station you have to walk around 10minute to the banpo bridge  The flower is full blooming along the walk path to banpo hangang park  At the park still no blooming tree The weather is still cold on 3april2019  4 celcius degree  On wednesday, April 2019
16,5.0,Nice location for evening,"An interesting bridge that attracts photographers, families and couples in love. You can watch the fountain show from a special area on the river bank, from the bridge, or by choosing a river boat trip.", August 2018
17,5.0,Banpo Hangang Park,This is a fantastic way to end your night in Seoul while looking along the Han River and enjoying the water light show! The show is every night for 20 mins on the right side of the bridge. There are shops nearby to grab some snacks while waiting for the show. Be sure to arrive, October 2018
18,4.0,Enjoyable night fountain show,"If you have time, it is worth enjoying the fountain show. It is very beautiful and there are a few different times it shows. It is easy to reach here by metro.", August 2018
19,1.0,Upset,"Stayed one whole day in the area just to wait till the evening to catch a glimpse of the Banpo Rainbow fountain. Ended up 5 mins past 7. 30pm, they announced show cancel due to heavy rain but the whole day did not even rain at all.", September 2018
20,3.0,Just OK,"We travelled a fair distance to get to Banpo bridge expecting to see a water and lights spectacular. It was just OK - not worth travelling over an hour just to see this. If you have seen spectacular lights on water in Dubai, Vegas or Singapore, you'll be disappointed with this.", August 2018
21,4.0,The Bridge. The fountain ,"Beautiful and smelly, colorful and crowded place.  However, I am in love with this landmark of Seoul! Definitely this place is very romantic.  What’s interesting that this place doesn’t have asian style :) I would visit this place again and again.", June 2018
22,4.0,Water show,"There’s music, there’s lights, there’s fountain shooting moving water, there’s fireworks. There are a lot people armed with sitting mats gathering here. This is a great spot to watch the sunset and picnic. ", June 2018
23,4.0,Colorful and pretty,"I was just there on Saturday evening and truly enjoyed the light fountain show. We were lucky to see also the fireworks by the bridge. Even though it was raining on Saturday evening, the rain and muggy weather added to the charm of the colorful fountain show. Would recommend it", June 2018
24,2.0,Disappointing! Light show did not proceed as scheduled,"According to the official Korea tourism website it said that there will be light show on weekdays during this season, my friend and i arrived and waiting for the show to start at 8&8:30pm but it did not happen at all. Felt it was a waste of our time and effort to come all the", May 2018
25,5.0,Banpo bridge rainbow fountain,"Banpo bridge has 38 water pumps and 380 nozzles that could draw as much as 190 tons of water per minute from the Han river. The Rainbow Fountain operate between april and june and also between september and october every year. The show of water, lights, and music is very nice", April 2018
26,3.0,Not a must do,We went with high expectations which was probably not the best idea. A light show is probably not the best description of this event. However it was a bucket list thing almost considering the guiness book and world's longest fountain fact so in that regard we were happy. If, May 2018
27,4.0,Nice sunset walk,We walked across this bridge at sunset and were the only two pedestrians there. It was nice having the bridge to ourselves and the view from there was really pretty. We really enjoyed the walk. Next to Banpo Bridge there were floating islands which were used in the filming of, March 2018
28,5.0,Definitely worth a visit on a Saturday night,"I went to the south side of the bridge, by Banpo Hanggang Park, so I am not sure what the north side has.  On the Southeast side, there was a night market with food trucks and small vendors.  On the Southwest side you have “Some Sevit”(aka Sebitseom) and a lot of seating area.  ", April 2018
29,4.0,Nice light-show at night,"It takes some efforts to get to the park to watch the evening light-shows. From the Express Bus Terminal Station (Metro lines 3, 7 or 9), you walk out of Exit 8-1 and then straight for several minutes. At the junction (with Reborn City building seen on the left) you turn right,", April 2018
30,5.0,Not expect it,I had a good time actually in this place because when i visited here there's a small concert in their area with urban zakapa there ! There's also some food bazaar and the bridge is so beautiful in the night, May 2017
31,5.0,Longest Bridge Fountain in the World,"It's a 10 minute walk from Express Bus Terminal train station. Make sure you have a pocket Wi-Fi/Wi-Fi. Just in case you get lost--google map it. I got lost on my first try taking the bus from itaewon last year (for me, buses in Seoul is hard to figure out). This year I took the", April 2017
32,2.0,Not much to see here,"I took the bus over to Banpo Park to see the ""rainbow bridge"".  I like musical water displays so I definitely wanted to visit.  Unfortunately, it seemed like one side of the bridge was broken, then once it started it was rather disappointing.  The water sprayed out and each", October 2017
33,3.0,Date Spot,"If you are simply traveling through Seoul, this attraction may be somewhat of a disappointment but for locals or those truly interested in experience life in Seoul, the Banpo Bridge Rainbow Fountain (반포대교 달빛무지개분수) is a great spot for a date night or time out with friends/family.", September 2017
34,2.0,Disappointed,"After seeing photos of the Banpodaegyo, named the rainbow fountain, I decided to come here. There were quite a number of people sitting along the river waiting for the fountains so we joined them as well. I was so disappointed when it started because it was basically a fountain", May 2017
35,1.0,don't waste your time,"It doesn't worth seeing. Luckily it was just a part of the river cruise, cause it would make me sad if I went only to see the bridge from the promenade. It doesn't look like a rainbow at all.", August 2017
36,5.0,Gorgeous night market,"I went there because it was rated No.1 night market of Seoul. The left side of the bridge is a large exiabition hall well known for its colourful rainbow lighting. The right side is the night market that providing delicous snacks and street food. Meanwhile, you can also seeking", May 2017
37,1.0,Hundreds waited for nothing,Lots of people sitting and waiting in the warm evening for... absolutely nothing. A muffled tannoy announcement that was too quiet for anyone to hear must have been saying that it had been cancelled (for seemingly no reason) but as no one could hear it everyone just sat and, July 2017
38,4.0,Fun area apart from the bridge lights and fountain show,"We walked over at night from Garosu-gil, and arrived after the light/fountain show (8pm) but in time to hang out near the bridge where there are at least thirty food trucks and vendors selling knick-knacks on the east side of the bridge until about midnight. The west side of the", June 2017
39,2.0,not worth your time,It's near Hangang Park. It's a place where youngsters go and chill out after work/ school. The musical fountain itself was a letdown. You could not see the lights at all and it was just streams/ jets of water with music. I stayed from the first show (8pm) till 9pm and I decided, June 2017
40,2.0,Very disappointing!,"Came to see the water show especially for our last night in seoul. From the pics it looked really special and colorful, but its not like that in person, youll just see water with a little bit of light and music on the background. Nothing special. ", June 2017
41,3.0,Nice for hangout,"The riverside park was nice for picnic & hangout, also good place to watch sunset.  There was a 'night market' when I went there. I think it's in conjunction with festival. a lot of food truck with various type of food.   The water show somehow not as great as I expected but", April 2017
42,3.0,Not enough lights on the fountain,The fountain and light show was a bit of a disappointment. There is far too much ambient white lights from the bridge that the coloured lights on the water hardly show up. To get any sort of a half good photo you need a tripod and long duration photo. Luckily there was a night, June 2017
43,4.0,Short picnic in the night,"What I love in Seoul in the night is right there, I enjoyed my night time with my friends, we gathered and had some talks.. kinda night picnic. There were a lot of people there.. we can see beautiful water fountain every night.. when I went there, I ordered some chicken and cola", May 2017
44,4.0,Average show but amazing ambience,"We had a bit of trouble finding the bridge as a highway is right beside the coast and we couldn't find the way to cross the highway. Luckily we managed to find a local who could speak good english and he directed us to the bridge.  When we arrived, we thought we were at the", May 2017
45,3.0,Not as Expected,"We visited in Oct 2015.  To arrive at this destination was really a challenge.  We took the transport information (by subway) from the Visit Korea website and we ended at middle of no where.  After asking for direction from a few strangers, we still could not figure out how to", October 2016
46,5.0,Enjoy the romance vibe,"If you have no plan in the night and you still have more energy, i suggest you to visit this place. Theres a rainbow water fountain with the korean songs as a backsound. So many couple here, bcs the view really pretty. So any of you can enjoy the korean songs with a beautiful", May 2017
47,2.0,Under-whelming!,"Was hoping the colours would be more spectacular but was disappointed. If you want a picnic on the river bank, come and enjoy, otherwise go shopping in the underground shopping area nearby instead. ", May 2017
48,2.0,Don't waste your time ,"It's their daily show last around 10 min , nothing fantastic . Except the sunset on the other site packed with locals with tent ⛺️.", May 2017
49,4.0,Nice area for picnic ,Banpo bridge or rainbow bridge illuminates the night and it is something unique for a water feature. It is nicer seeing from afar.  A great park for cycling and picnic., April 2017
50,2.0,NO WATER SHOW TODAY!!!,We dedicated our evening to make a long trip during cold evening to see the remarkable water and light show from the bridge faced with the fact theres no show for today!   Based on the information from local cafe staff within the area. They will resume the warerfall and light, March 2017
51,3.0,A place to gather your friend/love on with Fried Chicken and Beer,"The show or picture is not what you seen in google.  You know why? Because you are using your phone to capture it. However, i do manage to take some nice shots with my phone. First, you have to manually setup your camera setting. Lower the ISO and make the shutter time longer.", October 2016
52,2.0,Not too fond of it,"Nearer to Express Bus Terminal station compared to Donjak station. A relaxing place to unwind. Due to the rain (well, it's actually drizzle), they planned to cancel the show but the show was up ten minutes after the announcement. Only one side of the bridge had the water", October 2016
53,5.0,Banpo,Beautiful view any time of day but especially at night. Is very close to the Express Bus Terminal. Worth a visit., April 2016
54,2.0,eh...,"I've seen the fountain show a couple of times and it just never lives up to anything resembling entertaining, inspiring, or majestic. It's just some water spouts and colored lights with crap orchestral music straining through the mist.", July 2016
55,3.0,Rainbow Bridge,Just come in the right time and u will look the bridge show. Its so windy and little bit cold bring ur couple here, September 2015
56,4.0,Good to sit by the river and watch,"Its free, its a good location (right by the riverside), get a chilled beer and spend time - whats not to like about it.  Tips: best seen when its dark (8 or even later), buy chilled beer from the convenience store around the park area, if coming by bus/taxi avoid weekends (road", July 2016
57,1.0,Nothing spectacular,"Went on a weeknight and it wasn't as spectacular and as colorful as the photos on google. I wouldn't recommend coming here only for the purpose of seeing the fountain show, but if you happen to be in the area, might as well make a stop to see the show. ", July 2016
58,4.0,Nice part of Han river. ,Interesting rainbow moonlight show but only one side of the bridge because it was a weeknight.  The area next to banpo was nice to walk with  illuminated buildings. It's called Sebit floating islands. There are some shops and  coffee place inside., June 2016
59,3.0,Enjoyable Evening,"This was an enjoyable evening in a park along the river.  They pipe music through speakers, the water undulates through colored lights.  For me it was okay but I'm comparing them to the Fountains at the Bellagio in Vegas and Niagara Falls.  My niece had seen neither and really", June 2016
60,5.0,Favorite place in Seoul,"This is my favorite place in Seoul. I visited this place twice, because the first one i couldn't see the rainbow fountain. Its is located next to Some Sevit/Floating Island/ Some Sevit is on the left side and the rainbow fountain is on the right side of the bridge.Rainbow", May 2016
61,3.0,Nice display but not spectacular,"Having read about the rainbow display on Banpo Bridge before travelling and seeing pictures, I was expecting something truly mesmerizing.While our view of this from the Han River sunset cruise was a nice display, it did not have the ""wow"" factor that I was hoping for. Still", May 2016
62,4.0,Order chicken and then watch the free lights show!,"The light show itself was pretty, with different colors, music, and spurts of water from the side of the bridge. My friends and I ordered food from the many delivery guys waiting around the area and ate it at the stairs (viewing area). I think most of the locals do this. Expect", June 2015
63,1.0,Just NO,"I was being hosted with my friend and she swore it was beautiful and colorful when she first saw it a year before. Maybe it gets better in peak season, but honestly it was very underwhelming and not worth the metro fare to get there in my opinion. Yes the water flows very nicely", April 2016
64,3.0,Rainbow over the bridge,"The Moonlight Rainbow Fountain is the world's longest bridge fountain[6] that set a Guinness World Record with nearly 10,000 LED nozzles that run along both sides that is 1,140m long, shooting out 190 tons of water per minute. Installed in September 2009 on the Banpo Bridge,", April 2016
65,1.0,"Seriously, Don't go!","Nothing to see. Water spits out of one side, and you can not get a great vantage point. There is not much else around there, so it is Not worth your time. ", April 2016
66,4.0,One-of-a-kind experience,"If you think a water & light show spewing from a bridge is absurd, I would ask you to think again. They play very calming music and the water dances to the beat. The surrounding area is nice and a lot of people come here to see the show and walk around the park. It's about a 10", April 2016
67,4.0,Rainbow fountain,"It takes around 10-15 mins walk from Express Bus Terminal Station to this. It is better if we get out from Exit No. 4 of Gangnam Underground Shopping Mall. It is quite cold at nigh. However, there is a musical performance nearby, so I can enjoy the view together with listening", April 2016
68,5.0,AMAZING BRIDGE,One of the nicest place in Seoul to relax and enjoy! The fountain on the bridge was simply fantastic!, April 2015
69,3.0,Athmospheric place,"A long walk from the subway stations. But the athmosphere here is lovely in late warm evenings, pack up some picnic food with you! I was unlucky because the show was cancelled due to bad weather(?) which I didn't notice at all - in my opinion the weather was perfect, but maybe", September 2015
70,3.0,A bridge with fountain,A bridge that have Rainbow Fountain. Should visit around late evening to see the fountain. Best place to see & shooting photo is at Hangang River Park., October 2015
71,3.0,A nice catch in the night,"If you're wondering what to do in Seoul during night time, maybe you may consider visiting this bridge. Please note that this place is quite far from subway station (the nearest one is Express Bus Terminal, CMIIW) and you still have to walk for about 1km to reach this bridge...", May 2015
72,3.0,Not very accessible ,"I went with a high hope of watching the show of the bridge without knowing it only operates from April to October every year. I went in at the end of November, so I didn't manage to see the show.   Furthermore, it is not very accessible and far from the nearest subway station.", November 2015
73,4.0,Worth watching,"There's three ways to see this bridge with its fountains and colours: from the water, from the land and from the bridge itself. We took a boat cruise one night and were pleased to see the whole thing from a boat. So the other ways are unfamiliar for me, but as far as we could", October 2015
74,3.0,Overrated ... not easily accessible; skip it if you don't have time,"If I have to choose between the Rainbow Bridge in Seoul and the one in Tokyo, my vote goes to the Rainbow Bridge in Tokyo;. The one in Tokyo is a suspension bridge crossing northern Tokyo Bay between Shibaura Pier and the Odaiba waterfront development in Minato, Tokyo. View from", October 2015
75,3.0,Nice but quite far from the closest subway st.,"It's around 20 minutes walking from the closest subway st.but i have to say,the road to this bridge is nice.the rainbow fountain will be much beautiful if you see it from higher place.if you want to take beautiful pic of this fountain,you have to bring your DSLR..", October 2015
76,2.0,Only if you have time,"All the available information refers to it as Banpo Bridge Rainbow Fountain and suggests you catch the Subway to Dongjak (Line 4, exit 1 or 2) however, this is very misleading for the locals.  From my experience, no one seemed to know which direction it was in or how to find it.", October 2015
77,3.0,Not really wow...,"I went to the bridge with high expectation having seen water fountain displays is Vegas, KL and Macau. However this water fountain display is a bit of a let down. The music blasts from speakers that seem overloaded and the sound is lousy, and the colorful fountain is kind of", October 2015
78,5.0,Beautiful as it can get,"First visit to this world famous bridge in May 2015. The views are awesome as they have these fountains with colourful lights till about nine in the night. There is a hugh promenade where you can sit and relax, walk, chat with friends. There are dedicated cycling tracks which go", May 2015
79,4.0,View the light show from a cruise for a different perspective,"The bridge by itself is nothing much to behold.  It's just one of the many bridges that span the Han River and links the city's north and shores.  In fact, during the day, it's really a boring looking bridge.  But at night, the light and sound water fountain show makes it for a", October 2014
80,5.0,rainbow fountain bridge,"very close to the express terminal station... i believe 10 min from the station exit. If it rains alot, the fountain will not be activated. The fountain show during summer is around 7:30.. 8:00 and maybe at 9?  at around 8'oclock you are going to be faced with bunch of tour", August 2015
81,5.0,For the romantic,"I went to Korea by myself.  So I came here by myself.  I might have been the only one that went by myself lol.  There are tons of people.  Families, friends and couples enjoy the park while waiting for the light show.  The light show was nice but definitely not as pretty as the", April 2015
82,3.0,Family walk around town,"Walked down to the Bampo bridge from Iaetwon one night to check out the floating islands and the bridge water show. It was something different to see. It's cool, but not something I'd go out of my way to see. Definetly a cool stop if you're that part of town at that time of", June 2015
83,5.0,IMPORTANT,"There are shows every half an hour, each lasting 20mins. Essentially it means 10mins without any activity. IMPORTANT: Fireworks on the 8pm show every Saturday only! The fireworks was a good 10-15mins long. If you can adjust your schedule, do pop over at this time!  Sadly, unable", June 2015
84,3.0,If I had a date,"This particular attraction was not quite what I expected. Perhaps it was the timing of the sunset and light show that was off, but the colors weren't as bright and vibrant as they appeared in photos on Google. There were tons of people, and the atmosphere was great! Tons of", June 2015
85,5.0,#WTAsia2015 -- The Random Rave,"A place of music, community, and fun.  Happens on the last Sunday of the month, so fortunate to go!!!", May 2015
86,4.0,"Lovely music with lights fountain, nothing else much","Rushed to see this place, it was rather relaxing but the surrounding has nothing much, no food found for me and my hungry friend. But just the view of it is amazing. Because i love rainbow so much, i give it a 4stars! :D  Would be much better if there's some food and drinks", August 2014
87,3.0,Alternative route to the Banpo Bridge Rainbow Fountain,"The fountain ""show"" itself didn't look as good as in the photos. I think it looks better from far.  If you have spare time and want to have a look then you could get there using the route we took, which is different to the ones mentioned elsewhere and easy to follow. Also good", June 2015
88,3.0,Could be better - maybe not worth,"From what I read, I really wanted to see this bridge and  watch the water / light/ music show at night.   well, that was really disappointing.  The music is not loud enough and there is a constant whine coming out of the speakers.  The water just sprays and it's nothing really", May 2015
89,4.0,Relaxing,"It's a tourist attraction and local hang out place. I saw many local set up a tent, bring their own food and enjoying the precious moment with their families. It warms my heart despite the weather was quite cold. Plus point: you can rent a bicycle and cycle within the area, feel", June 2014
90,4.0,Beautiful,"Walked from Itaewon to see this bridge and was not disappointed. Beautiful sunset at the river then all the lights/fountain show. Lots of bridal couples taking pictures, very romantic.", April 2015
91,2.0,No show!,I walked to the site from the Express Bus Terminal. I went there twice and was disappointed that they cancelled the show with an announcement the first time I went when it was supposedly scheduled due to wind direction change. I could understand that because the rainbow effect, November 2014
92,5.0,Rainbow fountain and Seoul night view in one place,"I went here with my friends, but you'll see a LOT of couples here. The fountain starts every half hour from 8pm.   If you go here with friends I recommend you bring some pizza, chicken, beer, or anything basically. If you can speak Korean or have Korean friends you can even ask", September 2014
93,5.0,Rainbow fountain from bridge over Han River,"A beautiful site, visible from many locations on both side of the river.  We were on the south side of the Han River at Hangang Park, which is a lovely space with greenery, an amptheatre, other seating.   Since it was Chousek, we are also treated to a fireworks display.   ", September 2014
94,5.0,Banpo bridge water show,The show starts at 8 pm and every 30 min from then. It is a nice outing place for a picnic and a date. Must check out.   Here is how the bridge looks both in the daylight and night: http://youtu.be/GM7dUzwkFXg  Have a look to see if you would like to go.;)  Cheers, July 2014
95,2.0,Where is show?,"I had read many reviews about this bridge I have seen pictures about and my expectations were high after all. Unfortunately, once arrived near the bridge I saw absolutely nothing of what I was waiting for. No lights, no spectacle with splashes of water in short has been a", April 2014
96,4.0,next stop after shopping,"It's a nice place to go after shopping at express bus terminal underground mall. After exiting from the underground, there's no more direction board but all you need to do is just walk straight along the roadside for about 10mins to reach banpodaegyo bridge. You can also buy", June 2014
97,3.0,No point going if you arent in that area,"I dont think it's worth going to see the show if you are going to make a trip just to see the performance. However, if you decide to shop at the express bus terminal before or after that, stopping by to catch the lightshow wont hurt.", June 2014
98,4.0,Spectacular!,"One word to describe the fountain show – spectacular! Watch it at night.  To reach Banpo Bridge via the Seoul Subway – get off at Dongjak Station (Exit 1 or 2). Go down the staircase and head to the river. Then, turn right and continue walking along the river bank. You will pass", July 2013
99,4.0,not an attraction of the usual kind but I love it....,"Banpo Rainbow Bridge is not the usual kind of tourist attraction where you head there, gasp in awe and take pictures then leave. Its more of the experience of being there and enjoying the place as a whole.   For a 1 liner review: Its a bridge with water jets spraying from the", May 2014
100,2.0,I was very disappointed,"I went there with great hope for a great photo opportunity. I was disappointed. Not only that it wasn’t that special, the colour wasn’t intense either. Also, this place is extremely hard to find and that you have to walk a very long distance to get there. Not worth it. On", June 2014
101,1.0,what a waste if time ...,"we sacrificed itaewon just to go to this attraction. it was a very long walk from the subway station. waited for an hour, i.e. from 9:00-10:00 pm (twas a friday and the visitseoul.com mentioned the last show was at 10). the show was a no show. terrible!!!", April 2014
102,3.0,Nice but only if you have spare time,It's best to sit by the edge of the river. Bring some snacks so you have something to eat while enjoying the show since there were no places to buy food when we got there. It's a nice show to visit but I would not recommend it if you have a very tight schedule. It is really more, April 2014
103,4.0,Very Cool Night Attraction!,This is a really fun attraction and I haven't seen anything like it before! You can see the water and light show from either end as well as walking under the bridge. We lived in the area so it was easy for us to find but I can imagine it wouldn't be very easy for a tourist as, May 2013
104,4.0,nice,I went to see this place in 2013 the place is not easy to find. there is no direction sign from nearest station but we managed to get here and it was good, October 2013
105,4.0,Awesome rainbow fountain musical show!,Romantic rainbow fountain with great musics and lightings! Really worth a visit.  We follow the directions given by the official website to alight at subway stn Dongjak only to found out that it's a 2km walk to Banpodaegyo and took us an hour to reach. Pathway is very dark and, October 2013
106,4.0,Nice rainbow show,we took a long way to the place. we got down from Dongjak Station and walked nearly one and half hours before we reach the place. so don't ever used this route.if you want to go take the train to NOKSAPYEONG STATION (629) instead. then take bus no 740 to the bridge. take note of, October 2013
107,4.0,Take a taxi!,Getting here on public transport involves a lot of walking - I got the train but jumped in a cab to get me to the park. My advice is to take a cab to Banpo park on the south side of the river. And get a taxi back from that side too. Nowhere to view the show from the north side., September 2013
108,5.0,Rainbow bridge,"This bridge has a fountain show in the evening at various hours. It was a long walk from the subway, when we got to the park we only had 2 minutes before the show started. It lasted around 20 minutes and the show had great music, lights and fountains. It was a great attraction", September 2013
109,1.0,Warning - long longgggg walk from subway,"Advise from various websites including tourism organisation page directs us to the bridge from Dongjak Station exit 1/2. Upon arrival at the station, we found out from the ticket station that it would be a 20 minute walk to the bridge, which is the next one after Dongjak bridge.", September 2013
110,3.0,Stroke of bad luck,"Looking at the pics, it could have been a nice place to be.  It's also quite a long walk from the station.  But the park was flooded, even the underpass was flooded. We couldnt even get to the park.  Managed to find a spot where we could see the bridge but the fountain did not", August 2013
111,5.0,Another must visit place,"This is a perfect evening picnic spot  Go there with lots of stuff to wine and dine in open  As the musical fountains of bridge unfold you can open a chilled can and chips pack to enjoy the open sky along beautiful Han river  Celebrate birthday or just relax after a hectic day,", June 2013
112,4.0,Nice evening out in Seoul,Interesting attraction - good place to set up a picnic blanket and enjoy some food with friends and watch the light/sound show. There are a number of local takeaway drivers on scooters that drive right up to you and shove menus in your face- but there are plenty of places to, May 2013
113,2.0,No show,"We went in mid May 2013. We understand that the fountain should starts at 8pm, 8.30pm and 9pm but it didn't. Disappointed and not sure why the show didn't happen. If there is some way to check out if the show is on, suggest you do so. It is quite a walking distance from Subway", May 2013
114,5.0,Absolutely Not to be Missed,I've just finished my second trip in two years to South Korea with the principal amount of my time spent in Seoul.  In my memory there are two outstanding sights not to be missed.  One is natural: the cherry trees blooming throughout the city -- I scheduled my trip after, April 2013
115,4.0,Nice view but a lot of walking,"A long walk from the subway stations and the streets leading there are small and dark but when you get there, your efforts are paid off.  The air feels refreshing, the fountain a wonderful sight, a view of the N Seoul Tower and the rest of Seoul across the river.  Cool place to", April 2013
116,4.0,Nice view !,"After a long walk from the express bus terminal , I finally got by the hanggang park on time for the start of the fountain show.  It was nice, the weather was mild cool , I just wished they played more recent K-pop soft tunes and more recent english songs during the show. I", April 2013
117,3.0,No Color in Autumn,"First place that i wanna visit when i arrived in Korea is this bridge. But, too bad for me, because i came on autumn almost winter.. They only open on spring and summer.. :( So sad i can't see this beautiful view..", November 2012
118,3.0,"seriously, not in winter!","We did read some reviews about how stunning & spectacular this bridge is, etc. So that's why we went there. Unfortunately it was winter, and we didn't know that there's no shows during winter. So there we were waiting for the show in the middle of the freezing day. It was fun", January 2013
119,5.0,Excellent sight,"Beautiful sight that you will remember. There were many professional photographers along the riverbank. However, I went in autumn and I was freezing while waiting for the water show.   Do check the timings before you go.", September 2012
120,5.0,Romantic Light Show,You can travel by bus to go here instead of taking the train. (i think). This bridge is very romantic and a good place to propose a marriage or make a love confession? LOL! it's a bit cold in the area (because we went there during Fall)., September 2012
121,3.0,Not in winter...,The show does not take place in winter--so keep that in mind. I walked over the bridge to get from the north side of seoul to the south and it was a nice walk because of the buidlings on the right side that are partly in the water--I'm sure there are festivals there like the, December 2012
122,5.0,Moonlight Rainbow Fountain,This Moonlight Rainbow Fountain on Banpodaegyo Bridge is one of the must-see places on my list for this trip to Seoul. And I was not disappointed. It's really beautiful & fantastic. The show lasts only 15 minutes but it really can touch the soul with its magnificence & the, October 2012
