,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,"Very Good. By the way, Inwangsan is better for wall walking","This is about 90~120 min wall walking on Bugaksan Mountain. It's really good walking(or easy hiking) on the mountain. But, with some restrictions, I think Inwangsan Seoul Fortress gives a better satisfaction.  - This is the part of Seoul Fortress securing Hanyang(former name of", January 2019
1,3.0,Quite a disappointment,, June 2018
2,4.0,History and exercise,, May 2018
3,4.0,Strenuous Climb from Changuimun Gate to Samcheong Park,"I probably should have done my homework a bit better and read other reviews that recommended climbing Seoul City Wall beginning at the western part of the wall at the Malbawi Information Center.  Instead I started my ascent at the Changuimun Gate.  As others have said, this is a restricted military area and one must show a resident card or passport and sign in.  You will be given a badge to wear for the duration of your climb, and boy what a climb it was.  I cannot say I am in the best shape so this was very strenuous and hard on the knees.  At points I thought it was never going to end but the views were worth it and I met many nice people along the route.  It also was not very crowded.  I started my journey around 1330 and ended up at Samcheong Park around 1600.  Make sure you bring plenty of water.  There are no restrooms or facilities along the way.  Pictures of the city are restricted in many areas, with the 121 bullet tree a stark reminder of why this is a military zone.  I will say the tree was further away from the Blue House than I thought it would be.  I took a picture of it as I doubt I will be adventurous enough to try this walk again...even if I began from the other direction!!!  I probably should have exited from Waryong Park but was told it would be easier to catch a cab by Samcheong Park--that was a good 1/2 trek from the Malbawi Info Center, but luckily it was largely downhill.  In the end I found a bus as I exited the park that dropped me off in front of the Sajong Performing Arts Center and picked up the metro from there.  Altogether I am glad I did this but boy were my legs aching the next day.", August 2016
4,5.0,enjoyable hike with beautiful views,, July 2016
5,5.0,Excellent views of Seoul for the strong hiker,"My wife, 5 year old son and I did this hike from Hyehwamun Gate to Changuimun Gate over a duration of about 4 hours. My son is very active, a strong hiker, and had no problem with the physical challenge. My wife and I are fit but nevertheless our legs were quite sore by the end of the hike. From the direction we came (East to West) there is a very steep 300m decsent at the end of the hike which was difficult on the knees. The views of Seoul are fantastic. The view looking down on the royal palace is interesting. This hike was not available to civilians until it was opened in 2012. This is a military zone due to the proximity to the Korean presidential residence and photos are restricted. Bring your passport (visitors) or alien registration card (residents) if you are not a Korean citizen.", July 2016
6,5.0,Unexpected fortress in the middle of the city,, June 2016
7,5.0,Morning Shuttle (One-Way) Hike with Commanding Views,"Here's an idea for a morning commune with nature with some sightseeing of the ancient city wall and vistas to boot.  Take a taxi to the entrance of Samcheong Park off of Bukchon-ro.  Walk about half an hour uphill following the signs to Malbawi Lookout.  At the information desk you will be asked to complete a little form and show your passport and you will be given a visitor tag attached to a lanyard to wear.  Pick up an English language map if you wish.  Now get ready for an hour of good fun with stairclimbing (at the fastest pace with only one quick camera stop) going up to reach Mt. Bukason and then down to Changuimun Gate where you will return the tag, walk down a flight of stairs and take a taxi home.  Of course, this is not only one way to do the hike of the northern wall and you can feel free to hike part or the full way and return to your starting point.  The strategic importance of the commanding heights cause the ROK army to be on trail maintenance duty so the developed trail is about as pristine as I have ever seen.  The July Pine Tree with bullet holes (North Korean assassin squad had it taken to them in spades!) is curious.  DO NOT FORGET YOUR PASSPORT AND WATER BOTTLE!", June 2016
8,5.0,millions of stairs,"I took the Waryong Park to Changuimun course, and the amount of stairs are no joke. I consider myself fairly fit but I was huffing away at some sections of stairs. The course was not very clearly marked and I had to ask the guards stationed all around to make sure I was going the right way. The scenery made up for it, you could see right across Bugaksan Mountain on a clear day. Remember to bring your passport as registration is a must, and bring plenty of water and some snacks or energy bar. I will hike this trail again when I go to Seoul next time.", April 2016
9,3.0,Start from Hyehwa,, May 2016
10,4.0,Wonderful hike in Seoul,"Thanks to the other reviewers' recommendation, I took the hiking course from Waryong Park to Changuimun. The steps in Changuimun are probably in hundreds or thousands...so please do not start from this gate. The view was excellent but unfortunately on the day of my hike there was fog and I could not see gyeongbukgung well. The hike takes around 2hrs with rest and photo shoots. I like that it's easily accessible and quite easily done, ...if you start from Waryong Park.", November 2015
11,5.0,Hiking bugaksan,"Have you ever try hiking in other country?? I did, when I came to seoul couple weeks ago, I decided to try hiking becouse I heard that korean people loved to do this activity on weekend, in fact they have on store that only sells hiking equipment, and they did it with family, college and friend even with they lover, so after browsing I found out that bugaksan is the simple one, I choose it. After get off from bus at sungkyuhwan gate University, we walk to waryong park for 10 min, and we ask people how to get to malbawi information and he said about 20 mnt along the wall, actially we walk about an hour and the track is like climbing mountain before we met wood stairs and up again to go to malbawi, after signing a paper and show our passport, we enter the fortress through 2 guards, and continue our hiking, we meet many people, mother with doughter, lovers, spouse, college, friends, actually it saturday, but we only walk slowly while enjoy the view and decide to go back after few kilos, we think were not like hiking, even in the straight road we didnt like walking..but we enjoy the view, we can see downtown seoul from the above, the long wall, the trees that start to become red, the handsome guard, we glad we did it..", November 2015
12,5.0,"Beautiful views, but hard on the knees!","Great afternoon walk up the stairs with lots of areas to restalong the way. Saw the Blue House from above. Rigorous climb for bad knees, but worth at least 2/3 of the way.", October 2015
13,5.0,"Great place,amazing ","I really like this place,wow is so great place that you can se the city,eazy to find near to subway.place that you can relax on your mind", October 2015
14,5.0,A Healthy Escape,, September 2015
15,5.0,Nice trail walk for family in the city,"To safe time, we simply took a taxi to our starting point, Waryong Park from Myeongdong. By taxi actually cost less than the subway (4 person fare). We hiked through Sukjeongmun and finished at Changuimun. The whole journey took about 2 to 3 hrs. The veiw and scenery is pretty unique and you will be amazed to see young soldier holding M16 running to their guard post. Remember to bring your passport because the main route is a restricted area. One more tip, don't take the easterly direction (Changuimun to Waryong Park) which many tourist book suggested. The uphill staircase will kill you. The westerly route (Waryong Park to Changuimun) is much easlier since Waryong Park is already in mid peak.", August 2015
16,5.0,I never miss a hike,Living in Seoul - this beautiful city - I am always inspired by the rich tradition meeting modernity.  And walking the wall every weekend I am in town is always special.  Now it is huge so I never walk the entire thing.  But even a simple 20-30 minutes will leave you wanting more.  Make sure you are prepared for a work out    Don't rush and certainly bring some water.  Enjoy the views and the many visitors on the weekends.  Will be there again this weekend.  See you there!, July 2015
17,5.0,A great experience!,"The views are fantastic and there are rest stops along the way where you can take a break. Bring water and a snack. We walked the main section of the wall and talked with some Korean locals at various points, and two Australians each doing the hike solo. The entire outing took the better part of a day since we also walked there and back from Insadong where we were staying. We explored interesting neighborhoods on the way, and stopped for a beer at an art bar/cafe on the way back. I'd do this again the next time I am in Seoul. IMHO it's better to walk the route east to west, as there are many stairs and a fast upward rise on the west side.", June 2015
18,5.0,A very satisfying hike!,, June 2015
19,4.0,Central yet secluded,"I love how central it was located in Seoul, yet it felt so secluded with the fact that there was not much crowd visiting the place compared to other hills/mountains in Seoul. This is a place that I would go again if I live in Seoul and looking for a hill to have a short and easy hike. The hill had wonderful view of the city, whereby Seoul’s main attractions like the major palaces can be seen from the hill. During the hiking, we bumped into the South Korean armies but it did not give us any uncomfortable feeling. There were some areas whereby we were forbidden from taking photos, but they were not clearly marked. Other than that, just be reminded that it closes on Mondays.", October 2014
20,4.0,Lots and lots of stairs,, May 2015
21,4.0,Great Views of the City,"Lots of stairs and uphill walking--so be prepared for that before you go by wearing good shoes and appropriate attire. You will need your passport to get in, but it isn't a hassle at all to check into the area. There were a lot of places you couldn't take pictures--some were not marked well. If we weren't sure, we would just ask the guard standing nearest to us. They were very pleasant and didn't seem to mind.", June 2014
22,5.0,Must go,"Beautiful view. You must go because photos are restricted, and you won't be able to experience the beauty through viewing those photos uploaded onto the internet. Bring your passport, wear comfortable clothes (best not to wear jeans and dresses/skirts) and a good pair of walking/hiking shoes. Depending on the route you take, it might be useful for you to bring a hiking pole as a certain section of the trek would be rather steep. Try not to plan another activity into the same day so that you can spend as much time here as possible. Likewise, don't bring too many things with you in your bag, you will definitely regret halfway through the journey. Trust me, you won't need those things at all. No need for coats, scarfs etc in autumn, the exercise will warm you up. You can go with your friends, family, or alone. Not for those travelling with young children because the steps are tall.", October 2014
23,5.0,"Hiking, Hiking, Hiking","I spent two mornings hiking in Northern Seoul city.  You can reach the Seoul fortress from Jongno area by foot, bus or taxi and it is simply quite stunning location.  The fortress itself requires you to bring your passport to enter.  You then have the choice of left of right.  Right direction leads to the East Gate and West leads to the west gate.  The east side is far more gentle and accommodating, and leads you through some lovely neighbourhoods and residential districts.  Note that in the gap section, you have to walk past the high school, down the hill to Eksu and then through the theatre district up the hill behind the Arko theatre to rejoin the wall trail.  TO the West, it is abundant nature, long trails and steep hills, most of it is paved or has wooden walk way.  It is easy to get lost, but that is part of the fun, as if you follow the trail, you will eventually get back to somewhere where there are buses and subway.  Make sure that you check out the wall with the bulletholes from North Korean soldiers.", July 2014
24,5.0,Awesome walk and rewarding views,, April 2014
25,4.0,Very nice view over the city,, April 2014
26,5.0,"It's beautiful but tired, worth it!",It's tired to do the climbing though but it's definitely worth it for the beauty-ness you see while you climb. Spent about 2 hours there so i guess you would spent around that timing there too! Really nice place., October 2013
27,3.0,Caution Required! Beautiful/Exhausting.,, March 2013
