,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Ancient village,This area is so beautiful. Perfect for taking loads of pictures while wearing hanbok. The only thing is you need to keep quiet and do not make loud noice as there are people still living in it. Please respect the locals., October 2019
1,4.0,For the Gram,"Perfect for photo spots as the place looks really pretty and nostalgic. Would be great if you could wear a hanbok here just for this purpose. Some slopes to climb but managable even for the elderly. It's an actual residential neighbourhood, so mind your noise and manners. There", October 2019
2,3.0,Nostalgic,The houses are very nice. Nice place to take a stroll although a bit tiring. It would be nice to go there wearing Hanbok if you love taking pictures. Try not to make much noise because there are people residing in the area., April 2019
3,4.0,Good and quiet ancient village ,Around half an hour walk from the major Palace. Its literally a private residence area. Quiet and the buildings are ancient built. Nice to tour but be careful it is a bit maze puzzle. You could easily enter into the village but not sure where and how to get out haha. , February 2020
4,4.0,Good wandering neighborhood,"I first got so lost trying to find a certain restaurant (turns out it was closed), but once you let go and just wander wherever you want, you'll be fine. Walkable distance from the Gyeongbukgong Palace. Lots of cute traditional shops and cool eateries. Be prepared to trek up and", August 2019
5,3.0,Quiet place. For the nostalgic only.,"A stone throw away from Changdeokgung Palace. Thus if one is nearby the vincinity, then perhaps might as well pop by for a look. Nothing much though except for some traditional looking houses and if short on time, its perfectly fine to give it a miss. Do keep the volume down as", February 2020
6,3.0,What village?,Not sure this place ought to be on the map of places to visit. Followed the walk proposed and did see some old houses and lots of old roofs but when you looked carefully the walls of the ‘old’ houses proved it is brand new houses most of them. , February 2020
7,4.0,Truly authentic Korean,One of my personal favorite site in the city Rich in local culture especially modern pre-development stage architect Will recommend to all foreign visitors, October 2019
8,3.0,Good to take pictures,"It's a small neighborhood with traditional Korean houses. A good place to take pictures if you're wearing the hanbok. If you do not have much time to spare in Seoul, I would suggest you head somewhere else.", November 2019
9,3.0,Its some houses,"Don't get me wrong the village is nice and some cool photos of the buildings etc, but its just some streets with traditional houses I didn't really get the hype and was a lil bit disappointed once we got there and walked around.", January 2020
10,5.0,What a Lovely Neighborhood - The Place to Be.,"What a Lovely Neighborhood indeed. Very calmed place filled with little streets in between and tiny dead end streets. It can get annoying for a bit trying to go on each and everyone of these tinny streets, but soon enough you'll find out, that is not about getting somewhere, but", January 2020
11,5.0,BEAUTIFUL PLACE,Beautiful neighborhood. Most of the houses are still regular homes (more than commercial businesses). It has typical korean architecture with beautiful roofs. i think is a must see when you are in Seoul., January 2020
12,3.0,CROWDED,Very pretty houses with a ton of people.  We were there at the end of December and quickly left.  There is another street one off and it was almost empty if you are interested in photo ops., December 2019
13,5.0,Walk back in time,This is one of the best area's to stroll through while getting a feel of the old city. The village is basically made up of Hanoks (traditional Korean houses) and little food stalls and restaurants. We enjoyed discovering this little gem by lazily walking through different by, December 2019
14,4.0,More to see,Often people come to hanok village to see the houses... But there's more to see. Hike up to the vilage and be amaze by the view! , November 2019
15,4.0,The cleanest Village!,"I loved the views from Bukchon Village, the restaurants and the old fashioned feel. It is definitely one of Seoul's must-sees.", January 2020
16,5.0,Hanok Vintage Village,"Nice place to walk even during winter with their cafes posted with pictures of owners. All vintage preserved houses become cafe, restaurant or coffee but some still occupied by the owners as houses.  ", January 2020
17,4.0,Beautiful traditional area,"A traditional resident area. Nice to walk around. I went to an observatory at someones house, 3000won incl tea/coffee, just follow the signs. It was nice and behind glass in the sun so great to warm up at! Also fun shops with handmade stuff around.", January 2020
18,5.0,Great view and amazing vibes,Went here for the first time just to check out the place. It was a nice and serene place and not too hard to walk around (for the elderly and disabled). Highly recommend a visit just to take in the authentic culture of Korea., January 2020
19,5.0,Xmas vacay,"This was a lovely experience with my girls!!! We got dolled up for the traditional dresses- hanbok, going around the neighborhood.  The houses were so beautiful.  The architectural designs of each house was jus amazing.", December 2019
20,5.0,Bukchon Hanok Village,I don't believe that this is a hidden secret spot in Seoul anymore.  This beautiful gem of a village was teeming with tourists when I was there.  So many people dressed up in traditional costumes to enjoy photo ops utilizing the back drop of historical Korean houses.  There are, November 2019
21,5.0,Centuries Of History ,"Just about 1 mile north (I think) of Insadong, sits a village you think whose time has passed. You would be wrong. The Village is a mix of shop owners, home owners & people who dress in period costumes while strolling through the quiet streets. ", January 2020
22,5.0,Ancient village in central Seoul,"Ancient village in Seoul, where there are still residence living there.   There are scouts who try to remind visitors to respect the residence and not to be loud while visiting .  Many instances able pics can be taken here.", January 2020
23,5.0,"Get out the Sneakers, Camera, and Enjoy!",If you have seen Korean TV dramas or movies and want to experience the ambiance of a time gone past -- this is the plase to visit.  Make sure that your camera is charged and have an extra card to store photos -- and enjoy the day., December 2019
24,5.0,Interesting preview into the past,Visited this place on a cold Saturday. Went up to the youth cultural corps and they provided high school students to help guide you along the place. The two student guides were super informative and helped provided so much info and thus such meaning to the place. Overall it was, December 2019
25,4.0,A quiet and great place to take photos,We can rent hanbok for an hour before taking a walk. The area is residential area so we need to walk quietly to not bother the residents. , October 2019
26,4.0,Great architecture ,"The village is in the residential area, you have to be respectful and not make too much noise. You can walk around the village and see how beautiful the houses were built.", December 2019
27,3.0,Easy sightseeing ,"This is my 2nd Hanok village in Korea. It’s not quite as immersive as Jeonju, it’s a lot smaller but it’s very cute set in steep streets with sweeping views of the city. People live here still! It will probably only take you 30 minutes to explore the village. ", December 2019
28,4.0,Uniquely Seoul,"Bukchon Hanok Village is the largest cluster of Korean hanok homes in Seoul.  When wandering through this neighborhood, it’s fascinating to think that people actually live there.  The neighborhood has a charm all its own that is unique to Seoul.  It’s a nice walk that can take", April 2019
29,4.0,Modernity and tradion can co exist,A fine example that modernity does not have to obliterate the old world. Of note are the hanoks which have been taken over by the city govt to preserve and be used as mini-museums. , December 2019
30,4.0,Traditional Korea,"We loved wandering these streets and shops. Great photo ops and beautiful old homes. Very relaxing day, visit a tea shop or art studio.", September 2019
31,4.0,Not as hyped but good all the same,"Nice walk and interesting as well but as much to see as I thought,  in part because it is so popular making it difficult at times.  Do stop at the Onion Cafe just before the start  - great little place. ", December 2019
32,4.0,Passionate tour guides,I joined the Bukchon tour by guides Nayoung and Jenny. Both volunteers were passionate about sharing the Korean history and culture with the group and I had a good time. They initially refused my tips but I insisted. Keep in mind that these young people are not professional tour, December 2019
33,4.0,Characterful ,"This was my 2nd visit here and I have to say that I enjoyed it a lot more this time as I was on my own and able to wander around the way I wanted to. Bukchon is a hillside village (almost) of traditional hanok (Korean house) with lots of wood, attention to detail and character.", November 2019
34,3.0,A taste of history that's all,Not very stroller friendly as there were many slopes and constructions going on. Had a nice taste of history but that's about it, December 2019
35,5.0,Fantabulous Lovely Village,"Bukchon Hanok Village is home to hundreds of hanoks, traditional Korean houses, that date back to the Joseon Dynasty.   Love the cultural village and the architecture of the houses here, it is said that certain areas are to be kept quit when visiting as the people in this", December 2019
36,4.0,Cute little village in the middle of a busy city,"I went up to Hanok village with a couple of friends, prompted by Trip Advisor’s recommendation. I would say i found it to be slightly less glamorous than in the pictures one finds online. And also it’s not big. Like 3 blocks.  One has to be super quiet while walking up those", December 2019
37,5.0,The Best Red Bean Pankakes Ever! ,"This small, quaint village was a lively place to visit. It presented a lot of traditional housing and Korean day-to-day lifestyle. Although it was a bit of a hike, the people were lovely and were confidently showing us their various artworks, handmade clothes and so on. The", December 2019
38,5.0,Interesting area of Seoul,"I love this area of Seoul mainly for the traditional homes mixed with the cafes, small shops, and various art  galleries.  It can be a very crowded area, since is lot of bus tours drop groups of tourists off. Go earlier in the day to try and avoid the large groups. Most of all", November 2019
39,4.0,Bukchon Hanok Village,"The traditional village of the Korean old house. Beautiful place for photo and can feel the life of their old way. The new experience to be felt. During winter the weather was cool, quite difficult for us to explore the village. Other seasons must be more Nice", December 2019
40,3.0,Quiet place,It's a peaceful place to shop after visiting gyeongbokgung palace. There are tourist guides around to assist tourist. Rmb to visit Granhand shop for their local scents , December 2019
41,5.0,Traditional Korean Houses ,"Great place to take photos, come early to avoid the crowd. Hanbok rentals are available at the entrance, but the ones below the street are cheaper. ", November 2019
42,5.0,Korean House Original Style,Korean traditional residence Village.  I Only have 5 minute to take some picture and explore in the mean street only. I need more time to explore it.   Keep quite and take a picture in every corner..... do not make sound. Just enjoy the ambiance.  Better go to this place in the, December 2019
43,3.0,A bit of history,It's easy to find the moment you are out of the subway because you will see people in costumes & costumes rental shops.  Nice little area but too touristy and I find it sorry for the people living there.  Many China tourists and they can be overwhelming.  Remember to keep quiet, December 2019
44,5.0,Amazing Place,"Very awesome exprience walked through the narrow road of Bukchon Village,very cold but had good time .should visit this little village again in future Like so much the environment.", December 2019
45,4.0,Good to take pictures,"very cold because it's outdoor.. but if you go there, you will have an unforgettable experience!! i love hanok <3  you can see it for free (in fact, people live, so be quiet...) but food is a little expensive..  in conclusion, ssssssuper recommended for families, couples, and", December 2019
46,5.0,Nice place,"Been here last Dec 7, 2019 and the first day of snow! Totally awesome experience for us who came from the Philippines. From MTR Anguk station exit 2 and walk straight. And Red clad tourist guides were visible giving assistance. Nice traditional Korean houses to see.", December 2019
47,5.0,A awesome fillings.,"It was a awesome fillings when we walked through the ups and downs narrow road of ""Bukchon Hanok Village"". A peaceful fillings was touching on our mind while walking through the village.The old and historical types of buildings were great to see.", October 2019
48,3.0,Conflicted,"The architecture is beautiful,  without a doubt. Looks new too, which I guess is expected because you don't expect a 600 years + building to still be standing without work done to restore it. I enjoyed walking in the less popular alleyways where I had the time and space to", December 2019
49,3.0,A quiet walk,This is a beautiful old area of Seoul. It is very steep to walk so be prepared.The reason for my average rating is the fact that this is a residential area with signs everywhere asking you to be quiet! Very difficult if you are with someone and are trying to converse about the, October 2019
50,3.0,Wandering in someone's neighbourhood,"The beginning of the walkabout through this active neighbourhood is lined with shops and tourist trinket traps.  But go in deeper and you will discover that you are essentially walking in someone's backyard, albeit the construction and style of the homes are not what we are used", November 2019
51,4.0,Helpful ambassadors ,"Good place to visit to see authentic houses (local people still stay there!). However, we visited on a monday and the traditional house for viewing (free admission) was closed. Pls also take note of the hours for walking around as it is residential area e.g. no walking around on", December 2019
52,5.0,Korea's best kept secret,"Bukchon Hanok Village is home to hundreds of hanoks, traditional Korean houses. This is one of the top things to do in Seoul. It's located between the 2 most beautiful palaces in the city. It is a chance to step back in time and have a closer look into Seoul of the olden days.", November 2019
53,5.0,historical and meaningful,"As u walk from the subway station towards Bukchon Hanok Village, look for the tourism ambassadors decked out in bright red uniform & hat. They will offer u a physical map and recommend a route for u to follow so that u will not be lost figuring out where to go inside Bukchon", November 2019
54,4.0,Quaint and still inhabited by real people,"A historical village with lots of charm, mixed with retail and inhabitants. Enjoy strolling through the ancient alleys and stopping to check out the historical units, shoppes and eateries. ", November 2019
55,5.0,Traditional Korean houses ,This is a residential area with hundreds of traditional Korean houses called hanoks. The area is open to visitors between 9 am and 5 pm. There are a number of alleys in the village through which you can take a walk. Though there are sign posts requesting tourists to keep their, April 2019
56,4.0,Charming hilly neighborhood ,"On a hill between the two famous palaces, this area is very pleasant for a 1-hour stroll around traditional houses. There are a few eating and coffee places. ", November 2019
57,4.0,Pleasant Walkaround ,A nice quaint district to walk around observing the hanok architecture.  About 1km or 20mins walk from Gyeongbokgung Place.  Slightly hilly and good walking shoes are best., November 2019
58,4.0,Good experience ,The Hanok village is conveniently located near the Gyeongongbuk Palace and its definitely worth visiting after leaving the palace. It recreates the “authentic” Korean experience and has a lot of souvenir shopping opportunities. I was unsure of photo opportunity though so I, November 2019
59,5.0,A good walk in Bukchon,We spent almost whole day here walking around. Bukchon Hanok Village is the real residential area with 900 hanoks.  There are many interesting photo spots here especially when you put on the rented Hanbok!, November 2019
60,5.0,Historic area with character,Went to this residential neighborhood and learned about the history of the locals. The neighborhood has hills so be prepared but it’s not too challenging. Make sure to drop by at the coffee shop called onion. Fantastic baked goods and you can see the architectuee typical to this, November 2019
61,5.0,Bukchone Hanok Village,A great and beautiful place to visit. You need to be quiet while walking along the area as there are people living there. , November 2019
62,3.0,Too many noisy tourists,This traditional Korean village is beautiful but is somewhat destroyed by inconsiderate tourists who talk loudly and make too much noise in a residential area. Pity., October 2019
63,5.0,Quaint Traditional Korean Village,"This place has maintained the traditional cultural look of a Korean village and has opened the streets for tourists. There are rules here, though. We are supposed to keep quiet of speak only in whisper so as not to disturb the residents. Nice place for good photographs.", November 2019
64,5.0,Old Seoul preserved beautifully,"Great place to walk around and take in traditional South Korean architecture - we especially appreciated that visitors honor the request of those who live there, by being quiet and respectful.", October 2019
65,4.0,Korean Traditional Village,Good to see and enjoy the walk with many house in its original architecture. There are also some souvenir shops and coffee to stop by., November 2019
66,3.0,nice and authentic,"not easy to find this place, as I walked and walked trying to look for this place.  it is a village where people are living, so we dont really see inside of their house, is quite tiring too as this village is just a two rows of village", December 2018
67,4.0,Nice little get away,Visited this as part of a hop on and off bus tour and spent about 45’ there. Interesting but very touristy... and I found it difficult to watch and understand the performances... but the garden is nice and there are good restaurants nearby!, November 2019
68,4.0,Village visit,"The hanok is a type of housing once popular in Seoul, in this cillage you can get a glimpse of the past architectural wonders of Korea. ", November 2019
69,4.0,Get here early ,"You need to get here really early to meta the crowds. It can get very busy, lookout for the people in red they have free maps ", November 2019
70,4.0,Tucked away treasure,Very interesting to see a traditional Korean village in the middle of Seoul.  Wonderful wooden doors lead to secluded courtyards and private areas where people live. Rather steep hills await the walker. Cafés are nearby. , October 2019
71,5.0,Peaceful in the morning - busy in the afternoon!,"If you want to experience this area without throngs of tourists, get up early and walk around in the quiet before 10am.  There’s and easy map with a route to follow for beautiful views of the traditional rooftops and the hills surrounding Seoul.  Gorgeous in November with", November 2019
72,5.0,Great little area,Fantastic place to walk around and see some very cool old architecture. Make sure to stop by Layers Cafe near the area., November 2019
73,3.0,Crowded,"Too many tourists all the time and you cannot make noise as this is housing area. The road is too long and deep, be prepared to walk alot. Alot tourist wearing Hanbok to visit here too.", October 2019
74,3.0,Too many tourists! ,There were too many people and I hardly had the chance to snap a decent photo. A very touristy place indeed. , November 2019
75,4.0,Place of remembrance,Nice to visit this kind of place that reminds the Korean Culture and History. The place is clean and tourist friendly especially the shops and cuisine near the area. Keep up the good work. Will visit again and tell our friends to visit the place. Thank you , December 2018
76,5.0,Very interesting. Beautiful area.,We visited on our own and with a guide. Definitely recommend with a guide. We used Top Korea Tour Our guide was Miae. Learning about he history and current-day occupiers of this area was interesting, October 2019
77,5.0,"Beautiful, traditional and quiet",This is one of the most wonderful suburbs in all of Seoul. You can get lost in the many streets up and down Bukchon. Check out the many trendy cafes and stop in at one of the delightful pubs or drinking spots. I’d recommend everyone visiting Seoul spend an afternoon in Bukchon!, October 2019
78,5.0,Just go through the hanok village,Although I did not stay very long at this place I really enjoyed going there.  I like the contrast of these old Korean traditional houses with the Seoul building.  if you are looking good you can find cute little cafe and have quieter places where everyone gathered to make, November 2019
79,3.0,Good introduction to 'old' Seoul,Bukchon is a nice place to have a leisurely walk along narrow streets and old buildings where you can catch glimpses into hanok courtyards and there are plenty of places to stop off for a drink or a spot of shopping. The only annoyance is the hundreds of young Koreans in hanbok, September 2019
80,1.0,For Instagram only,Cringy tourists taking ridiculous photos here for their Instagram. Don’t waste your time here. More historic views/buildings elsewhere. , November 2019
81,4.0,A nice walk,It was nice to go about the narrow roads and watch the houses over there. There are also a lot of small shops and plenty of things to see. , October 2019
82,4.0,Traditional houses,"It's a residential neighborhood, tourists are advised to keep their voices low and not to disturb the residents.  A good walk, a bit uphill.   You can wear hanbok and take pictures in the neighborhood.", October 2019
83,3.0,Bukchon Hanok Village,"A nice stop to walk around, located on a hill, many alleys, can be very crowded.  I do not feel it is a must see. There is a long history to this village.  Located between 2 of the palaces. Houses are in the hanok style.", September 2019
84,3.0,Very much over rated area,"If you don't intend to do anything except shop in Seoul you might find the area interesting. It mainly consists of narrow lane ways edged with new and some older style houses, it is somewhat lacking in authenticity. You will mainly see roofs but the occasional house is visible.", October 2019
85,5.0,Very interesting ,"Beautiful traditional Korean houses lined up this village, which is free entrance. Touring this Village, one has to be silent as these are residences and they don’t want to be disturbed understandably.", November 2019
86,5.0,Bukchon Hanok,"Lovely quaint place with plenty of little shops offering good food, coffee, dessert. A bit of a steep walk but wee worth it. The place gives you great photo opportunities.", October 2019
87,5.0,Picturesque ,Well worth a walk up these streets of old South Korea. Interesting finding out people live there and how quiet it is. Great views of Seoul aswell, April 2019
88,4.0,Bit of a peek in to history,"Personally not impressed with the visit while one do see the Korean style homes and some of the traditional arts like dyeing with natural substance, incense making etc. The center is good but not sure I will consider it as a must see", October 2019
89,4.0,Traditional ,Good chance to see traditional houses from the exterior amongst new modern style houses in a very regenerated area of Seoul. Lovely views at the top. , October 2019
90,4.0,New Money Rebuilding Old Houses,"This hillside district is an interesting place to walk, but the people who live here for it’s charm put up unwelcoming signs and have people stationed around the neighbourhood with signs saying “shhh”. That said, the houses are beautiful (on the outside) and well worth a look.", October 2019
91,5.0,Traditional Village,Even though the place is bit hilly but i am like it very much and love this place..There is a shop to rental hanbook as well, October 2019
92,5.0,A lovely Village to visit,"Arrival to Hanok Village to have understanding about traditional houses and culture of Korean. Trust me, you’ll have nice pictures here. There’s a delicious restaurant of Ginseng Chicken Soup nearby that you can try. It’s one of special dishes in Korea.", March 2019
93,4.0,Tiring but Worth the Effort,"Just behind where we are living (itself in Bukchon).  The village is very pleasant.  While we were there, the place had tourists who, except for one, maintained the pleasant quiet of the neighborhood and the respect for its residents.  Because it was a Tuesday, the “museums” we", October 2019
94,3.0,Nice but crowded,"It is a good spot to view older buildings, is Hanok style. There is a popular trail that many visitors take, which makes some parts of the street rather crowded.  Given that the village is sandwiched between palaces, it is nice to walk through the village after visiting one", October 2019
95,3.0,"Quaint, but not a must-see","The neighborhood is quaint, in parts - some of the buildings are maintained in the old style, some are modern. They're largely intermixed together. Most of the buildings can only be admired from the outside; you can't enter. Also note that this is entirely a residential", October 2019
96,2.0,"Love the architecture, feel sorry for residents ",We love history and culture and are firm believers of preserving heritage. This area is of historic interest and definitely of historical Korean architecture value. The sad part is the fact that these are actually people’s homes and therefore make it quite sad.   People have day, October 2019
97,5.0,So much fun!,"We visited here and decided to dress up in traditional hanboks. They rental stores are all around and rent on an hourly basis. The village itself is lovely to tour around and get great pictures of the hanoks. I would highly recommend, esp silly if you have children, dressing up.", October 2019
98,4.0,Nice to see but .....,"Pretty, narrow streets with old style homes. Residents still live there so you need to be quiet, which really is not a problem.  shops geared to tourists and depending on when you get there, it can be very crowded was nice to see but not t the top of my list. was still very hot", September 2019
99,4.0,Lovely stroll,"Traditional houses dot the hillsides of the traditional Bukchon neighborhood. Bring your walking shoes and be ready for some hills, but the different variations in architecture and a glimpse into Korea’s long and turbulent history - and their architecture’s quest for peace along", October 2019
100,5.0,Traditional vs Contemporary,Love this area! I appreciate its calm and peace and the detailed architectural design of the houses. If you move out and head on to the roads you’ll see modern shops and cafes. Really cool place!, September 2019
101,5.0,Nice walk,We had a couple of hours and we went there Hanok village for a relaxing stroll. We were not disappointed! The old houses are super well maintained and the view of the city's skyline mixed with the old houses was breathtaking!, October 2019
102,5.0,Quieter part of Seoul.,"Spent only 20-25 mins strolling around the traditional village area, but ended up spending another couple of hours enjoying few roads that has all small art shops that houses very pretty range of artwork, postcards, souvenirs, paintings and more! Prepare your cash! The", September 2019
103,5.0,Worth it,We spent two hours and took lots of pictures. One day it will disappear. A very pictoresque area. A purely walking area., October 2019
104,3.0,Worth a few minutes walk through.,"If there you must go up the hill.  We followed the signs to the Observatory, but never made it the whole way.  Disappointed in that we had hired a private guide to show us all over Seoul, but because there is no place to park near the 'village' (which is practically downtown),", September 2019
105,4.0,Nice to see a bit of preserved history,"I liked walking around this village and soaking up the cute architecture, but also the idea that these little walkways have been walked up & down for many many years. Get up to an elevated spot and clock roof after roof in the old style - nice!", September 2019
106,4.0,"Lots of walking and stairs, great view at the top.","You can walk here after visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace and have lunch is one of the many small restaurants. There is a lot of walking on hilly streets and stairs. It is not all original, most buildings have been renovated or are new construction but still with the same style as", September 2019
107,4.0,Nice,Had a nice walk here. Full of shops and tea houses. Some sold traditional handcrafted items. Would recommend it. , September 2019
108,3.0,Crowded but interesting.,This is a residential neighborhood of very old homes.  The houses are not open to the public but the streets (many very steep streets) are interesting to roam about (quietly because people actually live here).  Great for photographers.  Many visitors rent Hanbok costumes and, September 2019
109,3.0,Beautiful from a distant ,"as this is still an actual residential area the inside of the house can’t be seen, but it is the interior + exteriors that makes the Hanok ever interesting ... fine other hanok villages that allow you to have a meal in it I.e onion cafe ", September 2019
110,3.0,Should visit but will probably not revisit ,The taxi ride from our hotel in Gangnam-gu to Bukchon Hanok was 32000 won. What makes it worse was that the Naver Map direction didn't bring us to the correct spot. We were left at the end of the street near a park and had to walk for 20 minutes looking for the old village. Well, September 2019
111,3.0,Quaint Village - Go Early!,"I wish I had read the prior review before wandering over to Bukchon Village. I have been to the neighborhood independently (not part of a tour group) a few times and it is lovely however, very crowded.  The area is located very near Insadong,  Gyeongbokgung Palace, and", September 2019
112,3.0,Not what we were expecting,"Visited with my family on Sunday morning.  Perhaps our expectations were unrealistic (was expecting a real old town/visit to the past experience), there were signs all over asking visitors to behave (talk with lower voice, not get in, not peeing, etc.); to me is just a nice", September 2019
113,4.0,Early morning visit was perfect time,"We visited early before people were up and loved walking the quiet streets.It was magical.But by the time we left, hoards of tourists were arriving . The neighborhood is a major tourist attraction,so if you want to capture the magic,go early.", September 2019
114,4.0,Long walk but what a view!,"You'll need your walking shoes to get up there. Steep narrow roads but for those who love Korean architecture, this is a must see. Fantastic view of Seoul skyline from the top of the hill too. Breathtaking. Got to keep your voice down though because there are people living in", September 2019
115,4.0,Must visit for tourists,"Its a long alley filled with Korean traditional houses. It just gets crowded with tourists. As i know, there are still people living in them so visitors are discouraged to make too much noise. I didnt go walk further because there were too many people.", September 2019
116,4.0,The Past Retained,"Located between the Gyeongbokgung and Changdeokgong Palaces and just a short walk from the Anguk Metro Station you will find a little section of old Seoul retained. It is a mix of old and new, traditional and tacky but it is very interesting. Take the walk from Exit 3 from the", September 2019
117,5.0,Neighborhood With Many Traditional Houses,"Bukchon Hanok Village, in a Northern hilly area of Seoul, is my favorite neighborhood in the city because of its distinctive traditional architecture, known as hanok. Boasting several hundred of these homes, it has the largest number that still remain in the metropolis. On my", November 2018
118,4.0,Nice traditional architecture in the middle of a bustling city,"When we visit anywhere new, I always like to have some historical places to visit as well as seeing how local life is at present.  Having seen lots of castles and shrines already, a traditional village, where people still live, sounded like an interesting place.  It really was", August 2019
119,4.0,A cultural village,A beautiful little village portraying Korean's culture and modernism. Wear hanbok to take exquisite pictures., September 2019
120,5.0,Love the surrounding,Its a very pretty housing complex to walk in small alley. The houses are very pretty!! There are 2 side areas that you can visit. If you get lost there are local guide which offering you help to reach the area. , September 2019
121,5.0,Beautiful ,"Hanok Village I will fully recommend those who need to take pic and enjoy the view of the village. It was beautiful and the village offer many things such food area, shopping and souvenirs. ", September 2019
122,5.0,Must to visit!,"This is a MUST! to visit, this place is definitely one of the most important historic places in Seoul, you can find lots of souvenirs and also rent a traditional Hanboks dresses and much more.", August 2019
123,4.0,Traditional ,Narrow streets with more traditional korean houses. Very crowded with many tourists though. Few souvenir shops and a couple of cafes., September 2019
124,5.0,My favourite thing to do in Seoul,"Excellent part of the city - beautiful houses, nice little shops, good food - great for walking around and get lost ;) Artsy and beautiful area, close to the main palaces. Cannot wait to be back!", August 2019
125,5.0,Wow! Ancient Homes in the Midst of Bustling Seoul,"After visiting the palace, I continued my walk and ended up here at this ancient portion of town, where I believe the homes are about six hundred years old. I walked the alleyways to get a real feel for the homes there. In this area you will also find cute shops and some", September 2019
126,5.0,Stunning houses and streets,"We visited as part of our Seoul full day tour. Stunning houses and streets. If you visit you need to be quiet. The residents love their little community, but it is popular with tourists as it's so stuuning. ", September 2019
127,4.0,Pretty but busy,"Very easy to get from subway, very pretty, and the people dressed in traditional costumes looked amazing, small than  I thought it would be but worth a visit", September 2019
128,4.0,Nice place to visit,"This village is an area in the city center of Seoul very famous because you can find there the traditional houses, where nowadays people live. Actually I expected them to be more authentic, but in fact those houses have been renewed and they have just tha appeal of a traditional", September 2019
129,3.0,Not that great ,This village is actually local residential area. There were shops that provides the traditional hanbok where tourist can walk around and take pictures. You don’t really feel welcome there as there were few protest signs on local unhappiness. , December 2018
130,5.0,Culture to touch,The Hanok Village is a great place for you if you wanna explore the culture parts of Korea. You can rent a hanbok (traditional cloth) or vitit old houses and get some tea. , October 2018
131,2.0,A touristic thing...,"It has been a pretty long walk from Gyeongbokgung but, actually, there's nothing to see. it should be an ancient typical korean village, but it has become a tourist thing, with shops and many coffee houses. There are many other places in Korea if you want to see a typical", August 2019
132,5.0,Experience the old way,This Korean traditional houses are interesting and for me a must experience. The traditional villages have lots of alleys and the house have open air in the center court with rooms around it. We stayed in one of them in order to have the sleep experience. Sleeping on the futons, August 2019
133,4.0,Korean traditional houses,"This place with Korean traditional houses is very popular for tourists for sightseeing. There's a place where the tourists can get experience the korean traditions such as Tea time,korean traditional game,...  It's really interesting place for visit. ", July 2019
134,4.0,Highly recommended to visit - Mix of modern & quaint buildings,"Very pleasant to stroll around the village which is mostly made out of quaint buildings. Although a tourist attraction, it's still a residential area. Some parts of the village are quite hilly so be prepared for some steep walking. Along the main street, it has some nice cafes,", August 2019
135,5.0,Amazing place,"Great place, great atmosphere, a must visit before even other places. Need an hour to two hours minimum. ", August 2019
136,4.0,Lost in the city,"A small town outside the city, a must to visit in Seoul. You also have great view on the city. Take time to walk around and not only go in THE tourist road !", August 2019
137,5.0,Tour With Oppa,We did a tour here of the village. I loved it. It's a beautiful historic site with lots of interesting history and it has been apart of different KDramas. Lots of walking but worth the trip., August 2019
138,5.0,Beauty!,"These streets are unique and must be seen. Although there are guards to warn us to be quiet, you can observe today’s artists houses. Perfect!", August 2019
139,4.0,Traditional village but not too old,You should keep silent when you go here and the contour is going up so keep your energy. I love Jeonju Village much better but this is also a nice place., July 2019
140,5.0,Very quaint. Just feel sorry for the residents ,"The village is close to the main palace, set close to some trendy shops and cafes.  It's a great place to wander and get lost.  It attracts a lot of tourists so worth remembering this is a residential area and the locals deserve to be respected. There are people around trying to", August 2019
141,4.0,Small area but worth it,"Good to visit the place and see the traditional houses.  Try to find EGG DROP sandwiches, they sell really good sanwiches.   It was very sunny in summer, so pls bring your necesseties.   I think qinter is the best time to visit the place. Bec we wanted to try thr traditional", August 2019
142,3.0,"If you don't have a teenage girl, it's quite boring","Girls who like to dress up will find it amusing to stroll the streets with the traditional Korean attire. For the rest of us, however, it's quite a boring place. Tourist-trap prices, not very pretty (lots of electrical wires hanging low between houses, looks somewhat run-down),", August 2019
143,5.0,Put comfy shoes on for this hilly walk,This was really enjoyable walk to the top. There's a lot of unique shops at the bottom and a Cafe at the top that has a 5000won entry fee as it doubles as an art gallery. Be careful not to slip if it's raining and note there are a lot of signs to keep quiet as it's a residential, August 2019
144,5.0,Bukchon Hanok ,"Great place to go. There are free guides - our guide is Seong II Yoo. The walk around the lanes, stories about the past, architecture and history   Great place to visit   ", August 2019
145,5.0,An afternoon immersing in traditional culture of wearing Hanbok,"We rented the Korean traditional outfit, Hanbok and wore it at Bukchon Hanbok Village. It was a scorching afternoon but certainly a great experience  of being like a Korean for an afternoon. This activity is recommended to people who are looking to immerse in Korean traditional", August 2019
146,3.0,Uphill walks,"It is actually a beautiful Korean village filled with Korean styled houses. However, it is located on a hilly area. So do expect some uphill walks while there. There are signs posted around the area and staff wearing high vis vests patrolling to remind tourists to keep their", July 2019
147,5.0,"Beautiful place to visit but, be polite!","This is a very nice and quiet area of Seoul. Well conserves streets, you can imagine the old Seoul walking among those streets...but is a real neighborhood so be respectful!!!", July 2019
148,5.0,Walking along Bukchon Hanok Village,We were there leisurely walking through the streets of Bukchon Hanok Village.  It was a memorable one for me seeing those traditional korean houses.  I regret not having worn the Han Bok custume.  It could have been so challenging walking with that custume.  It was worth the, May 2019
149,5.0,Fascinating place,"Fascinating area, still inhabited by regular people not just kept as a historical landmark. We stayed at one of the guesthouses in that area. Authentic hanok house. Amazing experience. Highly recommend to anyone. The only downside - streets are never empty, crowds of tourists", August 2019
150,5.0,Past meets present. Bring comfy shoes.,"Bukchon was really the only thing I wanted to see in Korea. We went on a tour and I was quite disappointed, not by the village, but by the tour guide who rushed us through. It also started pissing it down raining. I managed to get some decent shots which I have to edit, but I", July 2019
151,5.0,The old style architecture of Korea ,There are many houses with the traditional Korean architecture. It is worth to wall around. Koreans are respectful and they expect tourists to be respectful too. So it is nice to keep voices down while going around the neighborhood. ;), June 2019
152,5.0,Bukchon Hanoi Village ,Beautiful village with interesting architecture. It’s a residential area so it’s important to be quiet and respectful when walking around. Cute little shops and lovely views., August 2019
153,3.0,Nice but not really special ,It is nice to wonder around. But if you have only a few days....skip it. To may people..... Ok lots of small nice shops.... but as soon as you know you are out of the district. So practical there are just a few nice streets..., June 2019
154,5.0,A must see ,"The neighborhood has the largest collection of privately owned hanoks, or traditional Korean homes with tiled roofs, stone floors and amazing wooden doors, in Seoul. It’s located on in a hilly neighborhood nestled between Gyeongbok Palace and Changdeok Palace which are both", July 2019
155,5.0,Nice residential area,Nice place walked for about n hour n then left for palace which is near by old traditional houses n people still live their so u need to b decent by not disturbing them n making noise or knocking doors  Lots of art houses traditional shops and cafes   , July 2019
156,3.0,Traditional Korean house,This is a cluster of Korean houses (Hanok) situated nearby the palaces in Gangbok. Most of the houses have been modernised but maintained the traditional Korean architecture design. It’s on an incline and may be a challenge for older people or parents with strollers. Generally a, July 2019
157,4.0,A nice traditional village,"It's a nice traditional village that located in a big modern city. Here, you can admire korean traditional architecture through hanok house. There are some cute souvenir shops here. It takes time if you come here for the first time because there are many corners so that you have", June 2019
158,3.0,A route only for the healthy and adventurous,"We spent so little time there in the morning, as we brought our parents. We visited a nice cafe inside that served delicious muffin and drinks.  Some of the routes are steep, and require good stamina. Heck, we just stayed for around 30 min walking and maybe another 30 in that", June 2019
159,3.0,Nice place to visit but there are so many people,"Many nice traditional houses, there are so many shops and cafes on walking street.  But it’s so crowded, some people talk loudly even though they have attention boards.  It made us not enjoyable, although its great place to visit.  Luckily we went to another part, its a short", May 2019
160,4.0,Very pretty,"Picturesque village, can have a walk around, and look at the old style buidlings, also lots of souvenir shops and food", July 2019
161,4.0,Picture Perfect ,We rent a hanbok in Bukchon Hanok Village.  It was a beautiful place for taking pictures in a hanbok. Many historic and ancient korean house there. Overall it's beautiful., June 2019
162,2.0,Long walk for nothing,"It was nothing like in the pictures, and way more smaller. If you come here, you won’t be able to understand what is a traditional Korean village. It looks like it just visited to be the perfect instaspot, but even for that, you’ ve to be in the perfect position, otherwise it’s", July 2019
163,4.0,Beautiful but busy,A super place to see some traditional Korean architecture but it can get busy with tourists taking photos. Be sure to get there as early as possible to avoid the lunchtime rush and enjoy the cultural alleyways in peace., June 2019
164,4.0,Traditional Korean Houses,Lovely neighborhood with privately owned hanoks.  Start out at the Tradional Cultural Center and pick up a free detailed area map.  The Cultural Center has restrooms and displays of typical hanok houses that you can peek inside.  Shops and restaurants are along the way although, May 2019
165,5.0,Korean national dress optional!,"Probably the quaintest part of Seoul, this neighborhood is a great place to spend a Sunday morning. Wander up and down the hill and look at the beautiful old houses with incredible details. There are cafes, small shops, and galleries dotted around for refreshment or a spot of", June 2019
166,4.0,Nice To Walk Around - 很值得走一走,"It is nice to walk around the area if you are in the city. Up & down hills with ancient houses, nice small shops & restaurants, cozy cafe & design goods, this is the area worths to spend at least couple hours. Popular cafe houses, restaurants, photo taking spots & local and", July 2019
167,5.0,Beautiful area,"This is just gorgeous, it is worth the steep and long walks, a lot of empty, narrow and cute sidewalks and streets great views and great spots for photos. This is an amazing area to feel the traditional Korean culture. ", July 2019
168,5.0,Beautiful traditional place,"I love this place, very beautiful. Don’t forget to have some handmade dumplings after walking around and taking lots of photos ", June 2019
169,5.0,What an amazing place,We visited on a Sunday morning while it was quiet. So able to walk around freely before the crowds. Amazing photo opportunities along the route. Ditch the guide book and just go for a wonder. Free museum and galleries also made for interesting tour. Steep roads in some places., April 2019
170,4.0,Korean Traditional Houses and Practices,"Try walking around this area maybe around 1pm for you to be able to enjoy every traditional practice they can offer, including weaving, doll/crafts making, paintings, house scents and even food because it all closes at 6pm. They also offer wearing of  Hanbok for only 7000KRW in", June 2019
171,4.0,Traditional houses,"I visited this place in the afternoon at 1630hr to avoid the morning tour groups. There were pockets of visitors exploring this area. It is a general uphill walk to view the traditional houses in narrow lanes, called hanok, that dated back to the Joseon Dynasty.  Most of these", June 2019
172,5.0,very traditional,"if you would like to experience old Korea, I strongly recomend to go Bukchon rather than Insadong. Bukchon is less commerciallization. ", July 2019
173,4.0,clean and nice neighborhood,Nice place to visit when you are in the area. You can find nice traditional houses but of course you can only take pictures outside since people actually live in them. You need to be quiet too., June 2019
174,3.0,Interesting,"If you like long walking, looking at old buildings. Then this is for you. I don't think it's really suitable for people who have difficult in walking because some place as hilly. In order to visit this place, it is very near to Anguk station. After visiting this place, you can", July 2019
175,5.0,A walk through the past,A must do when in Seoul.  Make sure to rent a hanbok before walking through this area to have a complete experience. Just make sure to respect the residents of the area and keep your noise at a minimum. , March 2019
176,5.0,One of my favorites spots in Seoul.,"Cobble line streets, historical neighborhoods, swanky cafe's, eateries, easy access by metro, quaint neighborhoods make this one of my top destinations in Seoul.", June 2019
177,3.0,Not worth it,"We went on a very hot day, after reading our tourist guide we found our way there very easy , but how disappointing, the normal cheap tacky tourist shops at the entrance , and then what looked like new houses trying to look old , very steep hill going up , nothing really to see,", June 2019
178,5.0,Must come for the restaurants after,"According to data by the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center, 30,000 people visited the area in 2007. However, after the village was featured in television programmes, such as 1 night 2 days and Personal taste , the number rose to 318,000 in 2010. In 2012 the figure is expected", June 2019
179,3.0,TRADITIONAL HOMES--WORTH A SHORT VISIT,"This was part of our tour of South Korea and Mongolia..The village a good spot to see traditional Korean homes, but it does involve a fair amount of walking.  These are occupied dwellings, so one can only see the facades and roofs of the houses.", June 2019
180,5.0,Silence please,You have to be sensitive when you go to this place because this is a residential area. It has many souvenir shops and ice cream shops. Old houses You will see many peopke wearing hanbok Outdoor activity, June 2019
181,3.0,"nice to visit but be warned, a lot of walking and hiking","it is very tiring to climb all the hills just to get to the photo scenic spots, but i think they're worth it..? the view is really nice. on the base of the path there are some shops around too. i wouldn't go again, but once is good enough :)", June 2019
182,4.0,Charming traditional Korean houses in a hilly village ,Bukchon Hanok Village is located to the east of Gyeongbokgung and I guess in the olden days the houses here would be likely to be owned or occupied by people who worked in the palace.  This is a charming village with old Hanok houses and some modernised houses. It is a, June 2019
183,4.0,Experience traditional Korean housing,Wandering the streets and alleyways of the Bukchon Hanok Village is both entertaining and educaitonal and helps one appreciate classic building methods., June 2019
184,4.0,nice for photos,there are really beautiful traditional houses originally built by royal family members and noblemen who wanted to be close to the palace. , June 2019
185,4.0,Tired but worth it ,"The village is located on the hill, so you have to walk up a bit. To avoid being lost, you can get a map from tourist information before entering ", May 2019
186,5.0,Must visit place,"if you are looking for traditional Korean building, but not a theme park? Bukchon Hanok village is the right place to visit. It is close from palace and samcheongdong. you will see tons of tourist around this area, but you will find out why so many people visit this place when", October 2018
187,5.0,residential village with beautiful buildings,Take a walk thru this residential area with beautiful korean style buildings  - whispering is necessary as the residents should not be bothered. it is a steep walk but worth it. At the entrance some nice souvenir shops to visit. , June 2019
188,4.0,Pretty as a Postcard,"Some dress in the hanbok costumes to do Instagram photos. It's just very picturesque with the hanok houses with tiled pagoda roofs, beautiful doors, walls, flowers, etc. Walking up the alleys there are lots of tourists and one needs to respect the residents and keep the noise", March 2019
189,4.0,See The Open House,"The walk through this traditional neighborhood was enhanced by visiting a home that the city had acquired and opened to visitors.  We were able to walk into the courtyard and then after removing our shoes, enter the house where 3 rooms were available to us to walk through.  In", June 2019
190,3.0,Holiday,I heard so much about this place I had to go. The issue for me is I was expecting a self contained village of original traditional style. The buildings are styled in the traditional sense but they are mixed between modern apartments and houses. There is really only one street, June 2019
191,4.0,Area with traditional houses,"Bukchon village is actually a private housing estates prized with traditional Hanok houses. Hence, there will be volunteers to ask you to not to make too much noises to avoid disturbing the residences.   It is located near the gyeongbukhung and changdeokgung palace grounds and", June 2019
192,4.0,Buchon Hanok village,Beautiful place to be. Great view from the top of the hill. I heard a the place is popular for filming Korean TV dramas., June 2019
193,5.0,Wish to have one unit,It was amazing the way it was built.  Have a hard time walking to the top and we made it. I am impressed with structural design even though the buildings aged with the passing of time.  Great place to visit., May 2019
194,5.0,Do visit with a guide,The area is not very big but you can get disoriented and end up going around in circles. Best to go with a local or plan your walking route well. Buildings here are beautiful and some are renovated so you can spot the difference roofing modern and original. Do look out for the, June 2019
