,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Superb! Chose your level,"Amazing place we wanted to do it for fun enjoying and we asked at the entrance the forest Guard what to do. I ll add the map and the beautiful pictures of the temple there. A big harder at the end for non sportive but OK. Something to do for the view of the city from there, the", February 2020
1,5.0,"Easy hike, safe for solo hiker.",, October 2019
2,5.0,great escape from the city,"great hiking and scenery. Peaceful. AFAIK, it's a completely healthy and wholesome day out in nature.", February 2020
3,5.0,Well worth checking out,I arrived into Seoul at the New Year celebrations and found that the transport was fully booked and everything in Seoul would be closed. the lady at the hotel recommend this place. I went more for something to do while waiting for my flight the next day but was so pleasantly surprised. Its a beautiful National Park with really really nice hiking. The top rock scrambling is also fun if you aren't afraid of heights. it ended up being one of the highlights of my trip! If you like nature then I really recommend it., February 2020
4,5.0,One of best trekking trails,"Four of us took subway and continued with bus to the place. We overestimated that it is easy trail but the fact very tough in cold and partly snow which made it slippery. The best trail we had with scenery, stones, frozen rivers and finally we reached Bogungmun gate one of the castle’s gates. Another tough and different going down and took us 5 hours to complete.", January 2020
5,5.0,Beautiful hiking!,It's amazing that there is accessible hiking within the heart of Seoul. Different seasons offer beautiful scenery and breathtaking views., January 2020
6,5.0,The view is worth it,, January 2020
7,5.0,Bukhansan National Park,Travelled to Bukhansan national park with my parents during winter (dec 2019). Pleasant atmosphere and serene hiking experience. Would recommend making a day trip up to enjoy the fresh air:), December 2019
8,4.0,Demanding mountain hiking,"You'd better be well equipped to hike up to the peak of Bukhansan as it is quite a demanding trail.  However, you will be well compensated by the beautiful scenery!  Take enough water as there is non to buy on the way.", November 2019
9,5.0,Various trails available to reach the highest peak Baegundae,"Depending on your accommodation, there are different trailheads to reach the highest peak Baegundae peak. I personally started at Bukhansan Information Center where there are two different trails. The difficult (steeper) trail is just under 3km while the easy trail (didn’t attempt it) trail is slightly over 4km. On the difficult trail, there are a lot of steps, and you need to use the steel cable to overcome the vertical gaps at some point of time. When you finally see some walls, it means you are nearing the peak. To actually reach the peak, you need to use the steel cables to pull yourself up either the slopes or the steps. If you arrived late in winter, there’s going to be a long queue wanting to take the steps cos the slopes are just too slippy. Regardless the view at the peak is magnificent on a clear day. I took a third trail down the eastern side of the mountain to have a different feel of the mountain. Have fun hiking.", December 2019
10,5.0,beautiful hike right outside the city!,Super easy to get to - just take the bus it's about 40 minutes from Insadong. Beautiful trail and pretty views that you can see from the guard's tower/wall area. I did not climb all the way tot he top of the mountain as I did not have that much time. The nice thing is there are many trails so you can walk for as long or as short as you like. Definitely worth  checking out!, March 2019
11,5.0,A challenging hiking place,"Easy when it is at the beginning part of the mountain. However, it gets really steep and quite dangerous when reaching the summit of the mountain. Do get proper hiking equipment such as hiking shoe as sport shoe is too slippery. Spend 4 hours going up, and 4 hours down. Never climb down during the evening as it gets really dark and dangerous. Overall it was a great experience, would definitely want to go back again.", October 2019
12,5.0,Great and challenging hiking,"Don't be fooled by the casual demeanour of the Korean hikers, and the neatness and cleanliness of their equipment. If you get up into the peaks of Bukhansan you may find yourself descending a cliff with only a steel cable or an iron bar to hold on to. Safety ropes are for sissies and westerners, apparently. But it is beautiful to be out among nature (but solitude is not guaranteed, you may find yourself in a throng of Korean hikers). I strongly recommend October to see the red maple leaves, so different than the North American maples. Some parts are accessible by subway (Dobongsan and Mangwolsa stations) and others by bus. Anything you need before (such as lunch or a forgotten item of clothing or equipment) or after the hike (such as food and beer) can be purchased between the subway stations and the mountain.", October 2019
13,5.0,Prachtig!!,, November 2019
14,5.0,Baegundae Peak - worthwile,"Easy to get to the start of the hike via metro and bus (Gupabal station, line 3, exit 1 followed by 704 bus). I did the gorge path up which I understand to be slightly more difficult. Yes it was tough going, but so worth the experience at the top. I went at 8am on a Monday morning so there were very few other hikers. The most worthwhile day in Seoul!", November 2019
15,5.0,"Amazing view, climb not awful either",, August 2019
16,4.0,A tough climb but worth the view.,, September 2019
17,5.0,Beautiful,It was really gorgeous. I love walking around and drowning in the beauty of nature. Fresh air and nice weather thou, September 2019
18,3.0,You need to be fit for the climb up,"Its amazing that older Koreans of 60+ age can climb the Bukhansan mountain with ease. The climb is quite steep and rocky. The trails are not always that clearly marked out. You definitely need good hiking shoes and walking sticks will also be a great help. Don't forget to bring food and water. You can fill your water in streams on some of the trails. Toilets are few, far and minimal. Its something different to do in Seoul if you are fit for the climb.", October 2019
19,5.0,Experience Korea,"If you like to hike, or simply take a long walk in nature while staying in Seoul, this could be the answer for you. Quite near the city . Nice views. You should bring along comfortable hiking shoes.Plan a half day; bring a snack/lunch.", September 2019
20,5.0,Wonderful hiking ,"We are a family of four with two children (4,7). We started hiking up towards Baegundae Peak, however with the 2 kids we made it with in about 1.5k from the top. My 7 year old was fine, but my 4 year old had to be carried by daddy the further we went up. The hike was just lovely...wonderful smells, fantastic views, the nature was just gorgeous. We hiked about 4.5 hours with my kids. Stopped for lunch break (brought lunch) half way. Even if you don’t hike, I think the park is definitely something to visit to leave the hustle and bustle of the city.", October 2019
21,5.0,Beautiful spot...,Bukhansan National Park is a beautiful spot with spectacular views looking up and down... a nice reward during and after an enjoyable hike!, August 2019
22,5.0,Hiking to the Peak of Baegundae Mountain,"Great mountain hiking, spectacular views over the city of Seoul and just a quick transit from the city. We can see Seoul city at the top of the Mountain but the weather just a little bit cloudy. View the weather cast before hiking up .", October 2019
23,4.0,Then need better maps,, October 2019
24,5.0,gorgeous views,"Spent the afternoon hiking this amazing area.  Vigorous hiking, so wear good shoes.  Views of Seoul are spectacular", September 2019
25,5.0,Fantastic hiking and great views,, October 2019
26,5.0,A great way to take a break from city touring,Wear shoes with good treads and head to the mountains. We loved our day hiking and  would recommend this area to anyone who enjoys beautiful hiking trails., September 2019
27,1.0,"nice hike, but horrible bus driver",, September 2019
28,5.0,An amazing park right by the city,"This is an amazing park with surprisingly good hiking, that you can get to by taking the metro. It is extremely popular and basically every day there are people everywhere, but you can still enjoy a quiet hike. Note that many of the hikes, even the ones labeled Intermediate, are non-trivial. Don't assume that because you see a group of retirees while hiking that the trail is easy! It's generally steep and rocky so be ready for hills. If you have a free day and good shoes, this is totally worth doing.", September 2019
29,5.0,Enjoyable moment,"How to go: from Gupabal station take bus no 704 to Bukhansenseong and walk in 10mins to the park entrance. Ticket fee is only 1000krw. After 35-45 mins of waking, you will choose betwen hard route and easy route. For Hard route, it's a challenging hike, quite tall and steep. On the way to Baegundae Peak, you have to climb on the steep and flat rock in the last section. But the view from the peak is amazing. Summer is too hot so I recommend you to be here in spring or autumn. When I went back, I didn't choose the same route, I chose Baegundae route, only took 1.5 hours. After get out of the park, I took bus no 120 to go to Suyu station. You should bring sthing to eat and drink (snack, water, lunch..) by urself. Total hiking and taking a rest is 5hrs (only for me). Not many foreigners hike here, most of hikers are Korean ppl, especially the middle-aged, and the elderly ppl.", July 2019
30,5.0,Must do if you're in Seoul!,, August 2019
31,5.0,On top of Seoul,"I went to Bukhansan in September of 2018. It was a great experience. I was grateful that it was easy to get to the base of the trail from the subway/metro. I was 23, so I had youthful energy, but I believe it took me around 2 - 3 hours to reach the top. There were many older people scaling the mountain as well so I don't think it's a problem, and you don't feel alone doing it. Bring water, sunscreen, mosquito repellent, and snacks (basically, your standard hiking equipment)!", September 2018
32,5.0,A good place to forget about the hectic city.,I got on foot. I got a lot of pleasure and good photo galleries. Great views! In foggy weather visibility may be reduced. Take the road drinking water is useful., July 2019
33,5.0,So peaceful,My daughter and I went there and walked up the mountain. It's so peaceful and beautiful once up the mountain you can see the city ., March 2019
34,5.0,Mangwolsa Tempel ,, June 2019
35,5.0,Just do it! its worth it.,"Hiking up Bukhansan mountain is not easy, especially the last 500 m or so, but it is definitely worth it. We did it with two children in tow (9 and 13 years old) and they were able to conquer the mountain. In total, it took us about 5 hours there and back. the view from the top is spectacular.", July 2019
36,5.0,Popular among the local hikers,, June 2019
37,5.0,Amazing but I wish I was 20 years younger,"Amazing plants, butterflies and birds. But tough trails if you are above 55. Koreans how ever - old ladies 65+ passed us like nothing and we are reaonably fit...", July 2019
38,5.0,Nature so close to the city,Nice place to escape the stress of the city and breath some nice air. Recommend going witin the week., May 2019
39,5.0,Beautiful Hike Right Outside Seoul,, June 2019
40,5.0,Life's a climb and the view is great,, June 2019
41,5.0,Peaceful ,"I have done Yeongbong Peak, it took me about 30 mins to be there. If you are new to hiking, I recommend you this peak", May 2019
42,5.0,Tough but fun,Bukhansan is the highest mountain around Seoul. it is quite tough if you have worked out for long time. It has beautiful steams along the trail and view from the peak is amazing!!, March 2019
43,5.0,Beautiful hike!,"My brother and I climbed up to the Baegundae peak, which is the highest one in the park. It was a great hike and the top was quite spectacular. However make sure to have great shoes. The last bit of the trail is very steep, sometimes slippery (even on a sunny day) and you have to pull onto ropes to climb. I could easily imagine that people who are too reckless  could very well fall and seriously injure themselves!", May 2019
44,5.0,Great Place for Hike and Views,This is a great place to hike and enjoy some stunning views of seoul. Easily reachable from any part of seoul.  Must see place in Seoul., May 2019
45,5.0,Great BUT,, May 2019
46,4.0,"Great climb, rewarding view ",, May 2019
47,5.0,Amazing,"What a place it is truly wonderful, the views are outstanding. make sure that you stop and drink everything in.", April 2019
48,5.0,Great trekking,"We took 2,5 hours (ca 4 km) trekking route to the peak. Good path, nice view, but also a bit challenging. I did not have any sports shoes and it was doable! Shoes have to be comfortable and reasonable sole.", May 2019
49,5.0,Breathtaking view of Seoul city & Nature,, May 2019
50,5.0,Highest in Seoul,"if you want to take an excellent view of Seoul, take the challenge and climb all the way up. Follow the correct trail to get to the Baegundae peak which stands at 840m above sea level. Equip yourself with hiking gear if you want to head all the way up as there are slippery slopes near the top. Dint make it all the way up as i did not wear the correct shoes. there is no stones or steps to head to the peak when you are near 20m away.", April 2019
51,5.0,Epic hiking,, May 2019
52,5.0,True hiking in Seoul,, April 2019
53,5.0,"Excellent Hiking/Views - but ""Easy"" trail is quite tricky :(",, April 2019
54,5.0,Amazing Hike for beginners & experienced alike,, October 2018
55,5.0,Majestic rocky mountain just north of central Seoul!,, April 2019
56,5.0,A Rocky Mountain for All Hikers,, April 2019
57,5.0,Beautiful Fall Foliage - Multiple Routes to Apex,"As an experienced hiker (for comparison, I did the longest route up and down Mt. Halla in just under 5 hours), I took the longest/hardest route to the top, which was quite fun. For less experienced hikers, there are easier and shorter paths to the top. The path I took had an area where you had to climb up rocks assisted by a sturdy rope that was installed at the top. Along the way, I found a wild snake among the rocks and saw some other animals and birds you'd never see in the city center. It was a nice escape to nature from bustling city life in central Seoul. The fall foliage was beautiful (although not quite at their peak as I went in late-September) and I imagine going here on any clear day (when the air quality is decent) would be well worth it for those who enjoy outdoor activities. The entire hike up took about an hour and another hour down with some time spent at the top and short photo breaks along the way. The trail I took was incredibly peaceful (there was literally no one else there), and I thoroughly enjoyed the solitude being in nature... until I got closer to the top, then there were a ton of other hikers :D.", September 2018
58,5.0,Beautiful spring hike,"Bukhansan National Park is in the middle of town and with the exception of one other group, the trail to the temples was empty on a mid-Monday morning; an unexpected treat. The forest was blooming and our walk was the perfect break from the city bustle. We would have never found the trailhead without a guide but otherwise the trails are well traveled and well marked.", April 2019
59,5.0,This is a real hike!,"Hiking along the Seoul City Wall is very rewarding because of the stunning views to enjoy. But the path is steep and your knees should be in good condition. Take your water bottle, you will need it when temperatures rise.", April 2019
60,5.0,Take a day to hike this mountain,"My very first hiking experience was Bukhansan, starting from Bukhansanseong and hiking up to Baegundae peak. The trails are beautiful and I got a lot of great nature shots along the way. The people I met on this hike were all very nice and friendly and when I got lost on my way down, a man volunteered to guide me all the way down and even all the way to the subway station. I had a great experience on Bukhansan.", March 2019
61,4.0,Excellent,, January 2019
62,5.0,Need to do,"First visit to Seoul and worried due to language barrier and lack of info bubeforehand. However , it was so easy to get there. Took line 3(orange line) to Gudapal station , exit 1 and right away saw bus stop and took bus 704. You can see street signs leading to Bukhasan park and follow other hikers to get off. Park is in a suberb in very modern pretty area and gave us the feel of a ski resort village when you arrive at entrance. We went up to highest peak and found it challenging but it was totally worth it. Make sure you do carry lunch, water, hiking shoes (no tennis shoes), and flexible pants or shorts.  There are temples , waterfalls , restrooms and beautiful views on way up.", March 2019
63,5.0,Beautiful views & perfect amount of challenge -- if you're prepared!,, March 2019
64,5.0,amazing oppertunity close to seoul city center,"amazing oppertunity close to seoul city center; if u like to hike korea is a paradis for u. From easy paved walks to more forcing tracks to challenging tours u will find everything. Korea national parks tracks are best marked and maintaned. Even u will find toilets, fitness stations, guard ropes, stairs, ... Don't expect stations where u can buy drinks or food. U shoud bring by your own.", March 2019
65,5.0,A must visit for nature lovers and hikers,, May 2018
66,5.0,A mind blowing hike just outside of Seoul,, December 2018
67,4.0,Be prepared for a mighty full day workout!,, December 2018
68,5.0, Need a full day & hiking sticks ,, January 2019
69,4.0,Beautiful,Pack accordingly and bring money. Not for people with poor health.  This is a popular place for Koreans and tourists., December 2018
70,5.0,Baegundae Peak,"Amazing views and excellent work out. Things I'm glad we brought up the mountain: water, snacks, good hiking shoes, winter hat because it gets very windy, walking stick and gloves. For the gloves, you don't necessarily need them for warmth but to pull yourself up, using the steel ropes. I've read that people have gotten blisters and the gloves really helped. Be prepared for some very slippery, flat rocks. We took the city bus there and had no issues. Highly recommend this for anyone visiting Seoul!", October 2018
71,5.0,Youngbong and baekundae,The trek up youngbong and down took 4 hours with a good sized group including a short stop for lunch. Adding the trek to the peak of baekundae was an additional 90 minutes. It was difficult in some areas due to the ice and snow. Most people had crampons on their shoes which were beneficial but not 100% necessary. It could be done without them but people were slipping a little and you had to hold on. It’s a beautiful hike with great views., December 2018
72,4.0,Good workout,"Manageable climb to the peak. Took about 1h45m to 2h to ascend. Unable to estimate the time needed to descend as I fell and sprained my ankle just after leaving the peak. Due to the rocky terrain, recommend wearing high-cut hiking boots and also walking stick. Otherwise, it was a good solo experience and awesome view at the peak. It was windy (at the peak) and cooling hike in early Sep 2018.", September 2018
73,5.0,For mountain lovers,"A lot of amazing trails to choose from to get up one of the many peaks. Many spots to stop along the way to admire the view, but the true reward is when you finally reach one of the peaks.", November 2018
74,5.0,A Seoul Must-Do Experience,absolutely stunning views. i did the hike with 2 good friends. it took us 2.5 hours to hike up and about 3.5 to come down. Go earlier in the day so the path isn't crowded and the line at the top of the mountain (to take a photo with the flag at the top) isn't long., July 2018
75,4.0,Fun day out with a 4 hour hike,, December 2018
76,5.0,Tough but rewarding,, October 2018
77,5.0,Surprisingly challenging hike,"Amazing escape from the city. Temples, ancient gates and walls and the serenity of nature. Big enough for several days of hiking.", November 2018
78,5.0,Stunning but not Easy!,"I got to Bukhansan National Park from the metro and hopped on a bus to the park entrance. My goal was to make it to the top of Baegundae (Peak), boy it was not an easy hike! I am fit and hike a lot and absolutely enjoyed every minute of the thrill getting to the top. The views were absolutely stunning, and some of the historical markers along the trail were fascinating. There were a few spots where I accidentally left the trail, signage was rare in some spots. Toward the top, it gets very rocky but there are cables to hang on to. Once at the top, you can see the whole city and surrounding area. Bonus, there are a few friendly kitties at the top that can't wait to get their photos taken! The views and experience was well worth the effort to the top. There are several trails near the entrance but to reach the peak, I would not recommend it for kids or others that are not physically fit, just being honest. I was here in October, I hit the fall leaves at the perfect time. Bukhansan National Park was my highlight of Seoul, superb experience!", November 2018
79,5.0,Great escape from the city,It is great place to get back to nature. Many locals visit this place to keep their body fit and here and there you would find foreigners who would travel there to have a hike for their lifetime. Park itself is the standout among Seoul or nearby parks. Hike is pretty intense where you find certain place thet you have to have certain rock climbing experience., November 2018
80,5.0,Amazing hike up a mountain less than an hour from downtown Seoul,, October 2018
81,5.0,Thrilling yet compelling,"After researhing this hike, we were confident to go for it, but got lost along the way. First of all, for some reason, bus 8772 never arrives. we took bus 34 and we double check with the driver. secondly, we waited at wrong bus station, be sure to ask. it is opposite exit 3. so ya we arrived and around noon and follow the thrail yet again to wrong peak, U-turn and went along the ""water-fall"". if the fall is on your left, you are on the right track. after we reach one of the ""temple"", we realised alot of locas actually drive there (at this point, we really wish we knew) and start the real ascend up. this will take you at least 2hrs. we had a little adventure oursself when we trek till the night, bcos of my wife injuries and with 2 kids. Be warn and please do take extra precaution for all this emergency and prep touchlight, rope and first-aid, also water to last, caneed food in case. ANOTHER WARNING is the top 50m up with steel rope is really not for the untrained or kids. its really scary as theres no safety line and the slope can be 70degree steep and no climbing accessories and its a long way down....", October 2018
82,4.0,just 25 min by subway from heart of Seoul,"Just 25 min by subway from heart of Seoul. To take to the top of Baekundae it will take about 3,5 h (up only). After hiking there are some nice local restaurants near subway to enjoy Korean barbecue.", November 2018
83,5.0,Heaven on Earth,"If you like nature, this is a must visit in Korea. Seriously. I went during the peak season in autumn. It was a bit crowded near the entrance and as well as for the cable car, but once you hike higher, there were less and less people. The view once you are up top is AMAZING. I went there for 3 days and hiked to 3 different spots: Ulsanbawi, the cave and the waterfall. Each has different beauty. Do expect the koreans hiking with K-Pop music and walking stick and super delicious hiking meal. I would suggest you to bring a proper meal instead of just sandwich or onigiri.", October 2018
84,3.0,Nice but busy,Worth jumping on the metro and then getting a local bus.  Lovely park.  Especially nice in the autumn as the leaves change colour., November 2018
85,5.0,Bukhan=North Korea San=Mountain,, November 2018
86,4.0,Beautiful sightseeing.,, December 2017
87,5.0,Beautiful!,"One has to climb with cable ropes a lot to get to the peak, but it worth it! I think this is a must have, while you are in Seoul. During autumn, it has beautiful colors, and there are several trails to take, each one has a very nice scenery.", November 2018
88,5.0,Such amazing views!,"Loved this park, wish I had more time to explore. The hike was not as easy as we thought but it was worth it. So lovely...", June 2018
89,5.0,Fantastic experience in Seoul,"We had a fantastic day hiking in Bukhansan National Park. We loved the convenience of being able to get the metro to a national park, it's so accessible! The park is beautiful and it's full of locals out hiking, making the most of the gorgeous park. We went on a weekday in Autumn when the leaves were changing colour and it was a little crowded, but not too crowded.", October 2018
90,5.0,Awesome Hike up to Baegundae Peak!,, November 2018
91,5.0,"Intense Hike, Amazing View",, September 2018
92,5.0,Nice! Difficulty depends on your hike,, October 2018
93,5.0,Stunning,"I visited here from Dobongsan metro station, which avoided an extra bus journey. It was a perfect place to do the trekking to over 700metres. The climb towards the end was not easy, but so worth it. The views on the trek was incredible. One of my best days out ever. I joined the tradition of the Koreans and drank thier rice wine on the day. Lovely drink it is too. Highly highly highly recommended.", October 2018
94,4.0,Not an easy stroll,"I'd read that this was a picturesque, popular weekend walk for locals, but was very surprised to find that climbing the summit is an all day, strenuous adventure.  My teenage daughter's & I are keen walkers, but it was unexpectedly challenging for us, so I was very glad we'd brought enough water and had the right clothing.  It is incredibly picturesque at every turn, with the side steps to temples and statues well worth it.  The summit portion was actually quite frightening with quite a crowd holding onto cables embedded in the sheer rock, hoping no one above us took a tumble.  An exciting adventure, with a magnificent view at the top, but not for children.", October 2018
95,5.0,wonderful,"Beautiful nature, nice walk until the top. you don't have the feeling to be next to Seoul. view is just no words for. if you love nature, you should go hinking in the nat. park", April 2018
96,4.0,beautiful park and very accessible from downtown,"I recommend coming here as early as possible. It is a large park and best visited 2 times (once for the east side and once for the west side). If you only come once, the west side is more attractive. The east side was mostly grueling and not enjoyable due to the rocky trails and gnats everywhere. It is rare for me to want a hike to end but I was relieved to finish. Fortunately, I went to the west part later and it was excellent. Trails are much easier overall (only a small portion was rocky). It is steep to  get to the top so bring enough water. The views are fantastic from the top. My regret was not starting earlier the 2nd trip since I had to skip part of the park. I would definitely visit the western part again. The guide warned about crowds but due to record breaking heat and it being a weekday, it was not too crowded. I read to avoid autumn weekends though.", August 2018
97,5.0,Beautiful scenery,, October 2018
98,5.0,Amazing views,"We came here to do some hiking and get away from the city center for a day. We didn’t really have a plan and didn’t make it to the highest peak, but got some amazing views of the city from the route we took. We didn’t start our hike until after midday, so it was almost 6 when we came down. I would recommend starting a little earlier in the day. This is definitely a great way to spend the day in Seoul!", October 2018
99,5.0,A very enjoyable hike for all ages.,"A very enjoyable hike,  You will see people ranging from 5 years old to 80.  Koreans love to hike.  There is not a tram to the top, so schedule between 4-8 hours to hike to the top and back down.  More than 18 km of trails.", September 2018
100,5.0,Moderate hike,This is a beautiful hike with moderate challenge. The view is just magnificent and and the trail is also clean. There were mostly koreans and they were super fit. I hike twice a week and even I found it moderately challenging., September 2018
101,5.0,stunning place,"if u want to do something a little different u must go here, theres different routes depending on your experience and level of fitness and the views are outstanding all the way up i couldnt recommend it enough. dont worry about food and drinks when u get to the start of the mountain range theres loads of shops to get everyhing from snacks drinks to hiking gear. but make sure you wear proper hiking shoes and take a bag with standard hiking equipment as this is a proper mountain range and you dont want to get caught out", September 2018
102,5.0,5h Walk from the Metro and Back,, October 2018
103,5.0,Worth going to the peak,, September 2018
104,4.0,"So close to Seoul Metro, but feels like world away.","During my last visit to Seoul with my wife, we decided to hike Bukansan National Park. Getting to the park/mountain was super easy via metro/subway then one bus ride to the entrance of the park. Though the path is well marked, and signs are clear, please keep in mind that it's pretty strenuous hike if you wish to get up to the top/summit. I hike on a regular basis in Colorado (various trails in the Rockies), I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at the level of difficulty. If you're not in shape or would prefer an easier route, please choose a beginner route, but keep in mind that final .5KM or so is difficult no matter what path you take as it involves climbing up the granite face. However, there are metal ropes that will assist you. I highly recommend this great treasure. I plan to visit again during my next visit.", August 2018
105,5.0,Awesome Climb and View,, September 2018
106,5.0,Nice day trip with an amazing view,"Seoul may not market itself as a place for casual hiking which is a pity. Because within an hour from Seoul city, there is this gorgeous hiking trail that has an amazing view when you reach the peak. Great to spend a day out ouf the city without having to travel for hours to get there.", June 2018
107,3.0,Not one to do in Summer,"Will probably return back to this park in another season other than Summer. It is really not for the faint of heart. We made our journey there by bus and it was so incredibly hot. We also saw other hikers who were pretty much geared for the climb, with hiking poles and backpacks. We weren't geared up as much and so we decided not to attempt the summit. If you do plan to go, bringing lots of water is important!", August 2018
108,5.0,National Forest,"The name of the park stands for ""big mountain in the north"". It has dozens of granite peaks and is great for hiking across the numerous valleys. Expect to spend at least half a day here.", August 2018
109,5.0,Great hike!,, August 2018
110,5.0,Top of The Hill,Check out the view to appreciate the entire city of Seoul & look into the hills to see military bases and equipment all around, August 2018
111,5.0,Great view and not too crazy climb,"It took me around 2h 20m to reach the top inclusive of resting. Coming down is around the same duration as you got to move downwards slowly. Really nice view! I went on a Monday and was expecting a huge crowd since this is the day most museums are closed, but there were just sporadic hikers along the way. It is pretty steep and rocky but nothing too crazy. Wouldn’t recommend this for young children though.", August 2018
112,5.0,Worth the effort!,"I looked for an accurate time for the hike to baegundae peak and found conflicting reports. I am a steady but not serious walker and it took me 2.5 hours up and 1.5 hours down. The signs can be a big misleading as lots seem to sign for the peak - I actually went wrong and ended up at another peak meaning I lost time to descend from that and then walk up to begundae - so it may well be less that 2.5 hours up. The last km or so is quite challenging with big boulder steps and the climb to the summit involves using wired fences - these are safe but you will need a head for heights. The flag at the top is the ultimate photo spot. The walk wasn’t that busy and I often didn’t see anyone - unusual that this was a Saturday but may be it was too hot. This was my second walk in South Korea - first was uksanbawi Rock- begundae was higher, more challenging but also more spectacular!", August 2018
113,5.0,"Crowded, but worth the quick trip out of the city","Especially beautiful in the Autumn, though there are crowds, everyone is pleasant and it's a really nice way to enjoy the space a little outside Seoul. Just beware of American and Chinese tourists, they're the only rude ones and they will embarrass you by playing weird loud music and trying to knock you off the mountain.", October 2017
114,5.0,Great hike!,"We chose BUKHANSANSUNG course and it took us roughly 5 hours to complete the hike (round trip). Do bring food and plenty of water as there is no food/water once you start the hike. Also bring along mosquito repellant as there are many mosquitos at the foot of the mountain. The last part of the hike to the peak was very challenging due to the steepness and we had to climb up via the ropes. Thankfully, we read some of the reviews that the ropes can be quite painful and brought anti-slip gloves (we bought a cheap one from Daiso costing 1000 won for 2 pairs). We ate kimbap at the peak while enjoying the stunning view. Recommend!", June 2018
115,4.0,Dangerous hike for an awesome view,, June 2018
116,4.0,good for hiking as it near with seoul but getting good view of it,not so far from seoul taking metro & one of good hiking place in korea. i love the view & overall environment. not so tourism place but getting many local people to do the hiking. spend a day to do it esp for autumn. that was quite beautiful & peaceful place. love it., October 2017
117,5.0,Great place to go for hiking...,"Went here today and thank god there was no rain.  The hike wasn’t bad but it was very hot.  We didn’t make to the big Buddha and I was looking for that but didn’t know how far we should go.  :(  We stopped at the first temple & that was about it.  Overall, to me the hike was bad.  Make sure to bring a few bottles of water, sunblocks, & mosquitoes spray.  Wear tennis shoes or hiking shoes.", June 2018
118,5.0,Mount climbing with Metro in a half day in the center of Seoul,"Where you can enjoy mountain climbing in half day by subway in Seoul city,If the weather is not cloudy, you can see Seoul at the top of the mountain.", June 2018
119,5.0,Amazing views,"Absolutely amazing views. We went on a Monday, since other landmarks tend to be closed this day. Though the hike was by no mean easy (and I hike regularly!) the views at the top were amazing. To get the full view, you'll need to go on a clear sunny day. But make sure to bring plenty of water, as it gets quite hot and the hikes are not casual. Some of the paths have vending machines / stalls selling water and the entrance has many sporting goods stores and cafes to help you prepare for your hike, or recover afterwards.", June 2018
120,5.0,We summited,"Awesome hiking experience to the top of the Bukhasan mountain which is 832 meters altitude. Took around 2 hours from the small village before the entrance to the national park. we took the expert gradient route, which has an average ascent steepness of around 25 degrees but at time it felt more like 50%. Hike down took around one hour maximum. Although very hot and sweaty to climb up, have a warm pullover for the top as it is rather cool up there.", June 2018
121,4.0,Very nice hike to the higest point in Bukhansan national park.,"It is a good and fun hike. Unfortunatly the route is not that exciting as I hoped it to be. Furthermore, the hike was not that difficult either. At the end it becomes a big challenging, in sense of steepness. Therefor, I would not recommend to do this hike with small children, 14+.", June 2018
122,5.0,Fantastic experience but come well prepared,, June 2018
123,5.0,Enjoyable and worth the bus ride from Seoul ,Went to climb Ulsanbawi (pardon the incorrect spelling) with a friend from Seoul. The hike itself was easy at the start but gets harder with the steep stairs and strong wind towards the end. The view at the top was spectacular and I really enjoyed the hike and views along the way. There are restaurants at the bottom of the mountain. (Apparently it is Korean tradition to eat the Korean pancake and drink alcohol at the end of a hike). Make sure you wear something warm and put on appropriate sun protections., March 2018
124,5.0,Steep hike with cables up Mt Beagundea,, May 2018
125,5.0,"Intensive climb to Baegundae, worth it for the views","The park is a nice trip out of the hustle of Seoul but gets busy as well. We hiked to the top of Baegundae on a nice sunday morning and while probably every senior citizen of Seoul was hiking at the same time, the crowds were not a big issue. Only for the last 300m  which are narrow and steep whilst you have to hold on to chains and ropes, there was a lot of traffic. We took the one of the less traveled routes down. The park is easy to hike since there are signs and well connected to public transport.", May 2018
126,5.0,Baegundae (highest peak in Bukhansan),"One of the toughest challenges i have ever faced. This hike is about 836 metres high up a  number of tough terrain trails of rocky steps, travel slopes, forest trails, slope rope climbs and wooden staircases. The whole hike involves a range of categories from amateur to expert and can take 1hr 30mins to 2hr 30mins to climb to the top. There are some stunning views (unfortunately my climb was on a smog day) and there is more than one trail and other peaks. You can do some rock climbing or mountain biking if you don't want to go hiking. Also it is tradition to have a drink of Makgeolli (Rice Wine) at the top of the peak so don't forget.", May 2018
127,5.0,Wonderful view of Seoul ,The view of Seoul on a clean day is definitely worth the hike. The last part of the Baekundae peak's hike requires hiking shoes although I've seen people wearing sneakers. Be careful when going down as it can be slippery. On the way up there is a toilet and a place where you can buy icecream :), May 2018
128,5.0,Well worth a visit!,"Bukhansan isn't the most straight-forward place to visit (a subway ride and decent length bus ride are both required), however it is well worth it for the best outdoor walks close to Seoul. There are a large amount of tracks that range in difficulty from very easy, to medium-hard, with all sorts of different lengths (both time and distance). Be careful visiting in winter though as it can be deceptively dangerous and hard.", April 2018
129,5.0,Breathtaking,, April 2018
130,5.0,A bit more like Cliffhanger than we were expecting!,, March 2018
131,5.0,Calmness and nature just next to the city,"If you want to get out of the sparkling city of Seoul to feel some fresh air and the nature around you, Bukhansan is probably the fastest way as it's literally right next to the city.", November 2017
132,4.0,Amazing hiking right in Seoul,"I happened to be able to go hiking in Bukhansan on a Wednesday by myself.  In Seoul, having anyplace that is not crowded is an amazing luxury!  In addition, weather was a perfect 60 degreees F, skies were crystal clear and the spring was just blooming everywhere.  I wish I could have done more--but climbing up Wonhyobong Peak was enough for me--it took about an hour and change, plus a little extra to look around.  Coming down was a lot faster (duh).  Apparently there was a waterfall on the other side but I didn't do my research on the trails and so forth, so I missed it.  Trails are not that clear at the bottom/park entry, but once you get on a path it is well-maintained and not hard to follow.", April 2018
133,5.0,Beautiful mountain just 30 mins from Seoul,, April 2018
134,5.0,A Spectacular Trail for Intermediate Hiker,"As we get used to hike a mountain in Hong Kong, this time around we wanted to try hiking in Seoul and we found Bukhansan as it is quite close to Seoul. It takes us about 35-40mins by bus from Hansung University area. Our starting point was Bukhansanseong up to Baegundae peak, the highest in Bukhansan and most well known. The first 1hour was pretty much fine , it was mostly flat path and stairs to go up and down. Then it started to change as we went up more and more, it was kinda tough as it took us to keep climb up the mountain and it has a rocky terrain. We spent about 3.5hrs to reach the peak with a bit of rest here and there. It is important to pack up your lunch and water as you can enjoy the view on the top while u have ur lunch. As we hiked in Spring time when the weather still pretty much milder, it will be more difficult during Summer time as the weather gonna be super hot and u may need more water. You may also need a hiking stick especial when you go down !!! Unfortunately, we didn't bring any as it was quite tough for my knee to keep going down without any helping tools. In total we spent about 5hrs from starting point to ending point (Bulgwang Station). Please note that is better to wear sport shoes as we saw some people wearing converse or Adidas Superstar which is not suitable at all for the terrain if u want to reach up the peak.", April 2018
135,5.0,Amazing hiking destination!,"Seoul is a highly underrated destination for hikers. There are lots of fantastic hikes of various grades with stunning views! Living in Seoul, I hike in both spring and fall. There are hundreds of different trails, ranging from easy to quite strenuous. On a clear day, you are treated to a mixture of city and mountain views. There are often bathrooms, exercise parks, badminton courts, benches, pavilions and more along the way. One trail even has complimentary bug spray. Another has hammocks (not Bukhansan National Park I don't think...it was a trail near Seodaemun). Seoul's hiking is one of my favorite things about the city, and not one that many people expect to find in this concrete jungle. However, it's very fast and easy to find yourself at the base of a hike from many parts of the city.", April 2018
136,5.0,Good place for hiking ,"A really nice place for hiking if you're in Seoul. It'll take about 2 hours to go to top of the mountain. I went alone in a Sunday and there I met one of the locals and he helped to understand the trails. Also,  there're signals to direct you though the trail and tell you about the distances either you going up or down.", April 2018
137,4.0,Great view and easy to hike ,I decided to go on this adventure with my boyfriend and I didn't regret it. Since I come from a city surrounded by mountains I was quite impressed by the view. It is indeed easy to hike and it can be done by people of any age. What I loved the most were the Buddhist temples and the Fortress combined with the peaceful atmosphere., June 2017
138,4.0,nice hiking tour,"As it was my third time in Seoul, I decided to go exploring outside the city. I went hiking in this NP. At arrival at the subway station, just follow the locals ;-). At the NP gate, a ranger came directly to me to explain in English how to fo to one of the peaks, and gave me a map in English. Only confirming my experience with Koreans: very helpful and enjoyable people.", March 2018
139,5.0,Easy hike,"Bukhansan national park is just near the city of Seoul and it is easy to get there by public transport. There are many hiking routes to take, most people start from the east but I start from the west and come down by the east. I trusted maps.me and found this weird path that start from like a small village. The route require you to hike up one of the peak (forget the name), then proceed to follow the path downhill and hike up Baegundae Peak which is the highest peak with the Korean flag on it. The path I took was harder but shorter as compare to the normal route people take from the entrance. I did stumble upon a few old forts and bunkers along the way. Take a look at the photos for the views itself.", January 2018
140,4.0,Excellent getaway from the city!,"Extensive network of well-groomed trails, with English on maps and signs. Some steep sections can be hard to complete for unfit people, or when ice-up. Many users even on a winter weekday with marginal weather, so expect tons of people on a nice springtime weekend!", February 2018
141,4.0,Pretty tough hike but so worth it for the view!,"We climbed the highest peak in an afternoon in Autumn. Views were stunning and such gorgeous autumn colours but its a tough hike. Rocky and steep, and towards the top there are sections you have to pull yourself up the nearly flat rock using the ropes provided. Not for the 'fair weather walker' and you need to have a decent level of fitness. I went up in trainers (sneakers) because I didnt have anything else, but I would recommend hiking boots for sure, and some gloves to protect your hands from the metal cable/ropes.", October 2017
142,5.0,Incredible views.,"If you are in to walking an hiking this is a great park yo go. Is a really pretty park you will enjoy the nature and the wonderful views that his park has to offer. The weekends is a good time to go a lot of locals are walking in this park. Koreans love walking, hiking and camping you will never feel alone is always people walking in this trails. Be sure in check the weather and how hard or easy is the trail that ypu are taking.", October 2017
143,4.0,Good hike,"Hiking Bukhansan is not as easy as what was written here. I didn't know which track i took as i engaged a guide to bring me up. It was drizzling when we started and got abit heavier along the way. By the time i reached the peck, it was foggy and i couldn't see much. Only after the climb then i realized that July was their raining season. However, i still enjoyed the hike even though i didn't get to see the view at the peak. Overall, it was an enjoyable hike and i will definitely do it again.", July 2017
144,5.0,Asian Holiday,Amazing in autumn!! The foliage is beautiful and the air crisp and clean! Worth the little trek. And so accessible  by train., October 2017
145,5.0,Hiking in Bukhansan is a must-do!,, November 2017
146,5.0,Scenic National Park Right in the Center of Seoul,"For a quick hike up a mountain right within Seoul, Bukhansan would be your option. Weekends tend to get a little packed as the locals also hike the trails to the peak, though the crowds are still manageable as there are many trails.", December 2017
147,5.0,Wonderful views and beautiful scenery.,"Whether its a visit for a full day trip or just a few hours, this place is great for unwinding and seeing beautiful nature and scenery.", October 2017
148,5.0,Nice half-day trip away from the city,We hired a private tour guide to be able to drive us to Mt Bukhan and Bukhansan National park- this was really one of the highlights of our trip—we walked a shorter trail up to Harujae ridge that just took ~1.5 hours round trip—nice stone steps looked natural but made it easy to climb- great views. Teenage girls enjoyed it as just a short enough hike. Pretty steep so coming down would be difficult for people with knee problems. Very nice morning outing for the drive and hike and able to get back to Seoul city center in the early afternoon., November 2017
149,5.0,Unbelievably convenient and gorgeous,"Trekking is super popular in Korea, really the national pass time. As such, there are trails for all levels of ability in this national park. Views are stunning. So many temples to visit and paths to get you all over the park. Unfortunately, the hardest part is finding information in English. Blogs help. Public transportation takes you almost anywhere around the perimeter of the park. Well worth the effort!", October 2017
150,5.0,Highlight of my trip,"This was my very first solo hike up a mountain..took the Bugandae trail up to the peak...The hike up was challenging enough especially towards the  top where i had to use steel cables to haul myself up...the trail was very scenic during autumn and  i was amused to see local hikers much older than I zipping past me with ease while I was trudging slowly trying to catch my breath! The view at the top was breathtaking and there's a flat rock where everyone would sit to have their lunch and njoy the view of Seoul city. Took almost 3 hours to reach the peak from the main entrance with some photo stops along the way and another 3 hours down the same way. On the way down, i slipped a few times as I wasn't wearing proper hiking boots and the rocks were slippery.  So anyone who wants to do this, please wear hiking boots for safety. Overall, this was a great experience and the highlight of my trip in Seoul!", November 2017
151,5.0,Not for the faint of heart,"Bukhansan is located in the northern part of Seoul and has an elevation of 2744 ft.  If you are into hiking, there are several courses that you can take. On each course is a support center that has information about the park. It is not for beginners as it can be challenging as you climb the peak. I climb this mountain every year and each time I always thought it’s a never ending hike! On the trail you’ll meet all kinds of people: experts,  “strugglers,” tourists, and expats living in Seoul. Koreans are very friendly so don’t be surprise  if you get an invite to join them for a picnic on top of a boulder. At the peak is the most glorious view of Seoul!", March 2017
152,5.0,Just  try any trail,, October 2017
153,5.0,There are no words to describe it in winter!!!!,, January 2017
154,5.0,Nice Park directly by the city,, September 2017
155,5.0,AMAZING,"So beautiful and amazing. We visited in July and went to one of the top-outlook while it was still dark to watch the sun rise, and it was just incredible. So amazing like you were suddenly standing in another world. Really worth a visit", July 2017
156,5.0,Challenging,I wanted to climb Baegundae peak while visiting Seoul. Getting there was a bit confusing but basically just follow people in hiking gear. I am not a very athletic person so when I say this climb was difficult it was difficult. It took me a total of 5 hours to climb up and down including breaks. It was so rewarding to climb though because of the view from the top. I visited in autumn so the park was beautiful and the weather was nice and cool. Make sure you pack a lot of water and snacks. It’s a whole day event., November 2017
157,4.0,I did not make it on top,But the mountain was gorgeous!  I will return to this place using the other side for goin up/down the Peak. It was a wonderful autumn., November 2017
158,4.0,Challenge ACCEPTED!,, October 2017
159,5.0,Better than Hallasan,"The view at the top is much better than the view at Hallasan on Jeju Island. Hallasan is a little more difficult, maybe, but this mountain is actually beautiful. The scenery starts to look amazing after climbing maybe 2/3 of the way to the top. Favorite hike so far", October 2017
160,4.0,Morning hike,, November 2017
161,5.0,Lovely views!!,, November 2017
162,5.0,Solo female hiker in autumn,"Read the reviews and made this a must visit during my recent trip to Seoul. Did a weekday hike to avoid crowds. Set off from air bnb place in Bulgwang and proceeded to take metro to Gupabal station and then take exit 3. There is a bus stand just behind the street level entrance to the station where you take bus #704. There are also other buses which go to Bukhanseong Fortress entrance. Ask Driver to inform you when to get off as it is about 15 mins bus trip. The Park entrance is across the street. Along the way there are lots of factory outlet type shops selling branded hiking/winter gear which is quite handy. Usually there are groups of hikers going up. Would be best to trail behind them but there are sign posts too. However when coming down there are many forks in the road which you may get lost unless you follow a group. The locals seem to come from different areas, Tourists from another. Please do make sure you wear proper hiking boots and not trainers as the rocks are rather steep and slippery especially for the last part of the hike. It took me just over 2 hours to reach peak with some picture taking and water breaks. Stayed at peak and ate lunch and took more pictures! Take your time and enjoy the hike. Autumn is a nice time to go as weather is cool. Bring some extra food for the lovely cats up there!", November 2017
163,5.0,Great hike,"Great hike up the Bukhan mountain - definitely challenging enough, but not too hard and anyone without serious health issues should be able to do go up in a few hours. The final 300m ascent is something else, but the view and satisfaction is worth it!", September 2017
164,5.0,Great hike,"Yes, this is definitely a hike, but we saw people of all ages there hiking to the top so there is no reason not to. The views from the top make it worth it", October 2017
165,5.0,Excellent hike,"We hiked up to Baegundae peak. Wow, what an experience! We finished a round trip in a little less than 3 hours. We did not stop for breaks at all on the trip. We began at the Bukhansanseong Fortress entrance. We had locals trying to stop us because they thought we would get caught in the dark but they had no clue how fast we were going up. Getting to the peak takes quite a bit of physical ability. At one point you’re pretty much pulling yourself up by a rope. It’s awesome if you’re up for the challenge. The view from the peak is second to none. This is a must stop when visiting Seoul.", October 2017
166,5.0,Amazing trek up the mounts,, October 2017
167,5.0,Beautiful time ,, October 2017
168,5.0,Nice trekking place,"It's not to far from Seoul, beautiful park with nice rock mountain where we can trek and enjoy the beautiful views around, take nice photo of the natures, mountains, forest..", July 2017
169,5.0,Great place for a hike,"This is a national park very easy to get to from Seoul. Lots of hiking trails. Locals all fully kitted out, tourists usually not. Good views of the city. Some very challenging hikes to the summits, but easier ones too. We went to Guknyeongsa temple with the huge Golden seated Buddha. A much shorter walk, well sign posted but with some slippery paths, so good shoes useful Go to the main park entrance, Bus 34, 704 or 8772 from Gupabal station on line 3, or just follow the crowd of hikers and get off when they do. A nice break from the city, and pretty views.", October 2017
170,5.0,Not precisely a walk in the oark,, October 2017
171,5.0,Fun hike,We enjoyed hiking up here followed by an afternoon in a Korean spa. We would rate the hike as moderate difficulty. We went with a guide for ease but it could be done without one too., March 2017
172,4.0,Autumn Solo Hike at Bukhansan,, November 2016
173,5.0,great view in this city,"it's not too high, but it's really good view! it takes just 5 hours to get a top. specially sunset fi very nice!", June 2017
174,5.0,Great hike - tougher than I expected,, September 2017
175,5.0,Wonderful Park Within the City,"Bukhansan is a beautiful mountain, the tallest in Seoul, and a gorgeous, clean park. It is dotted with many cultural and historic sites. We saw numerous birds and small animals, which was also fun. Definitely recommended.", June 2017
176,5.0,Took the challenging Baegundae trail!,"There are several trails to the Baegundae trail starting off by the Gupabal entrance, this was my second big hike of the year and boy was it tough still! Especially when you get the the rock itself, it gets really steep and triring especially in the heat. However, once you've reached over the tree's and take a look behind you...the views are breathtaking, its definitely a WOW moment seeing the view for the first time. Despite the difficulty it was definitely worth the energy. Definitely go as early as you can with available sunlight, as we started the hike around 8, and it was very empty, however getting down around 12 it was starting to build up. I could imagine the rock being very hard to climb up and down when there are crowds of people.", September 2017
177,5.0,So good for hiking! Reward is priceless,"This is a hiking park. It is recommended you wear the right outfit and bring lots of liquids. It is not for beginners, you can make it as long as you have worked out in the past because the paths to go up hill are tough. Once you reach the top, you will have the best reward which is a great view of Seoul and other mountains.", September 2017
178,5.0,An excellent hiking park,Tallest mountain in Seoul.  Popular mountain hike place.  Be prepare to spend at least half day to go the peak.  Outstanding view of City of Seoul.  Many international travalers in th peak.  Better to go a weekday and week ends are crowded with locals., September 2017
179,5.0,Best 12 hour layover ever,A 12 hour stop at Seoul's Incheon International airport left me eager to get out and move around a bit. I decided to head for Bukhansan National Park to climb the highest peak 'Baegundae' via the vertical ridge route. I left my bags in a locker that cost about $9 and took a taxi (the only transit available at 4am). The park had signs in english at all of the trail intersections so it wasn't difficult to find my way. What started as a rocky trail climbing to better and better views quickly escalated into some pretty committed bouldering on Joshua tree-like rock overlooking the city. I followed some different trails out of the park and ran all the way to a train station where I got directions to the airport line in broken english. After returning to the airport I used the free transit shower and took a nap in the transit nap area. What a brilliant way to spend the day in a new place 👌👌👌, September 2017
180,5.0,Best place to hike in Seoul,"There are many trail, the highest peak is  Baegundae Peak (approx 2700feet). It took bout 2hrs to reach the peak, not an easy hike, but after reach the peak you'll get mesmerised by the view of seoul.", June 2017
181,5.0,Highly recommended!,"Not the easiest hike, but definitely worth it! Baegundae peak has an amazing view, and we enjoyed a mini picnic before descending. So do bring some food with you, you will need the energy. Spot the mountain kitty! There are many many trails, so do enjoy taking different routes for the scenery & nature.", April 2017
182,5.0,"Amazing views, worth the hike","This hike was not easy but it was definitely worth it. We went on a weekday and it wasn't too busy but there were still many people. We took the bus 704 from Gupabal station to the entrance and the hike to the top took about 2 hrs (with breaks). We saw a cat and a kitten at the peak and a dog on the way. The peak is beautiful and there are tons of areas to sit and rest/enjoy the view. If we go back, we'll definitely pack a lunch and have lunch at the top! We took a different way down (opposite of the way we came up) and that wasn't as nice as the way up. Definitely worth the day trip if you have time :)", August 2017
183,5.0,Best hike near Seoul,, June 2017
184,5.0,My First Summit,"My fist is the only highest thing on this place.All your tiring journey will be paid off by its beautiful scenery along the way, fresh air, awesome view at the top and satisfying feeling when you get the top.", June 2017
185,5.0,Challenging but worth it ,, August 2017
186,4.0,You must visit this during your trip,Beautiful park and very large area mountain walks and restaurants . Good parking avail el and well managed ., July 2017
187,5.0,mountain high,"I lived in one of the neighbourhoods below the park, it was a park I frequented for both short and long hikes. It has so many to choose from and all of them are well used and peaceful with something wonderful to enjoy no matter which way you choose. All paths are well marked.", June 2017
188,5.0,Hiking in SEL!,, August 2017
189,4.0,Nice break from the busy city,, July 2017
190,5.0,Don't underestimate it! It could be overwhelming but definitely worth it!,, July 2017
191,5.0,Hike to one of the peaks,, July 2017
192,5.0,Perfect for everyone to walk,There were so many different ways to choose from with various lenghts of routes. We didnt have so much time or the right equipment so we took one of the shortest routes. If I ever come back to Korea I would like to go for a longer tour. Really Beautiful nature., July 2017
193,4.0,Tiring but fufilling hike,"We started our hike at the Jeongneung Information Center. From itaewon, we took the Seoul Metro and get off at Gireum Metro station. From exit 3, I took bus 110B. After that we hike to daeseongmun gate and then to the peak, Baegundae. I had the taste of taking the toughest route towards daeseongmun gate. It was a great hike and along the way, you can spot the locals. At the daeseongmun gate, we had lunch and I was amused to notice the locals having kimbab. We managed to reach the top after 5 hours. It was a good hike! We ended off near Suyu station where there was some machine to blow dry my clothes and bag. What a hike!", July 2017
194,5.0,Great day hikes!,, July 2017
195,4.0,Very tiring hike,The views are wonderful however the hike can be very steep at times. I would say prepare ahead of time., July 2017
196,5.0,peak experience,"I think it's fair to say the hike to Baegundae Peak is pretty tough for the casual or non-hiker, but is definitely worth it. Not just for the views from the summit, but for all the gorgeous scenery along the way. The trails are well signposted and the very steepest sections have", July 2017
197,5.0,A Diamond in the Rough.,A beautiful National Park. A bit of a challenge to get there as a Tourist as many locals have never set foot in it even though it is only a few minutes from Seoul.  The Park is beautiful and quite wild. The baths are demanding but fun. There are a lot of Boulders to climb over, June 2017
198,5.0,Fabulous hike away from hustle and bustle of the city,"The Bukhansan National Park was on our bucket list for the visit in Seoul, and we were very happy we got to do it. It was a hot morning in early June, and we brought about 4 litres of water and Gatorade for the hike. Not very crowded track, but be prepared for the steep hike and", July 2017
199,5.0,Amazing place for hiking!,"This is by far one of the best attractions in Seoul! Amazing views of the city, great nature (especially autumn), lots of routs for both experienced and beginning hikers. Highly recommended! ", November 2016
