,star_point,title,text,Date of experience,reviewer_address
0,4.0,History feels,I was reluctant first to visit but we give it a try since we came from the Bukchon Hanok Village and I didn't regret visiting the Palace. This gave us the South Korean locale feels. I think the place was so huge that we didn't get the chance to walk around as it's our last day, December 2019,"Dubai, United Arab Emirates"
1,5.0,A beautiful spot!,"My son, husband and I decided to visit the Changdeokgung Palace during our visit to Seoul. There are other Palaces in Seoul but we decided to go see this one since it is the only one that is considered a Unesco Heritage site and it's also within walking distance to the Hangbok", January 2020,"Ottawa, Canada"
2,5.0,Don't forget to visit the Secret Garden,"If you have little to no knowledge of Korean history (like me), I'd suggest you to take the guided tour. The guide was friendly, knowledgeable and very accommodating.   Book your ticket to Secret Garden online and you can book 7 days earlier prior to your visit. I took the last", October 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
3,5.0,My Favorite Palace!,"If you are going to do one palace, this is the one to do! It is the prettiest out of the 5 palaces in Seoul. They have the secret garden in the back that you can take with a guided tour.", February 2020,"Seoul, South Korea"
4,5.0,"As the English pamphlet states, “A Look at a true Korean Beauty”","Set within a large park, accessible by subway, bus or tour,  this Prospering Virtue Palace was built during the Joseon Dynasty.   It served as the main palace for nearly 270 years following its destruction during the Japanese invasion and its subsequent rebuilding. A visitor may", January 2020,"Hartford, Connecticut"
5,4.0,One of many Seoul attractions ,"It is not original building,  it was destroyed and rebuilt. Actually,  it is not one but series of buildings. I recommend going there with a guide.", January 2020,"Minneapolis, Minnesota"
6,3.0,"Nicely preserved, but not much to see...","From Anguk subway station, head east from Exit 3, and you will find the entrance to the palace.  Admission was reasonable at 3,000 won.  You get to see the Throne Hall, with the impressive king's chair.  Other than that, a lot was under repair, and you don't get to access the", December 2019,"Vancouver, Canada"
7,5.0,Beautiful ,Wonderful and memorable experience though the Palace is smaller than Gyeongbokgung it is still a special place. There are a few hidden spots to photograph. , January 2020,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
8,5.0,One of the many palaces in Seoul,"It was free for the Christmas for all palaces .   Changdeokgung has more intricate buildings than the larger palace in Seoul, despite the smaller sizes.  Definitely worth a visit while in Seoul.", January 2020,California
9,4.0,Visiting temples in the capital of South Korea,Taking the time to feel a little of the Korean history by visiting garden and temples within the Changdeokgung Palace. Changing time (and world) within a day!, December 2019,"Paris, France"
10,5.0,Each time is Memorable,"I have been here several times, but each time I discover yet another photo yet to be taken and just love this place.", January 2020,"Falling Waters, West Virginia"
11,5.0,interesting history,"In this Palace, you definitely will learn the history about the past and last Royal Family's sad story.", January 2020,"Adelaide, Australia"
12,5.0,Beautiful setting no matter which seasons .,"Historically palace, if you wearing hanbok , you get to enter for free because Koreans care much about their traditions. Very impressed.", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
13,5.0,Beautiful!,"The buildings are lovely here, but for me the main reason to visit is the secret garden. It is wonderful! You enter the garden with a group according to language, but to be honest I ditched them as soon as I was inside as I wanted to do my own thing and some peace and quiet. I", November 2019,"Oxford, United Kingdom"
14,4.0,A history place to visit,A huge place of Korea history in this place. Worth visiting. U can see lots of people wearing Hanbok costumes and taking photos here., December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
15,5.0,Fantabulous Palace ,"Visited Changdeokgung palace. Changdeokgung Palace is also known as Donggwol, the Eastern Palace, because of its location to the east of Gyeongbokgung Palace.  Was amazed and thrilled of how the Joseon Dynasty was ruled. They preserve the architecture of the building pretty", December 2019,"Petaling Jaya, Malaysia"
16,5.0,"Worth a visit, catch their daily guards parade",This ancient palace is worth a visit and also to capture the beauty of the Korean rich palaces and culture of ancient days. Best to get there before their daily changing of the guards at the palace entrance., November 2019,"Penang Island, Malaysia"
17,5.0,Beautiful palace with amazing garden,"We chose this palace to visit its biwon/secret garden. There was a discount if you bought combined entrance tickets and joined english speaking guide tour. After finished visiting a mesmerizing garden, we walked to gyeongbokgung palace to watch royal guard changing ceremony at", February 2019,"Petaling Jaya, Malaysia"
18,5.0,Amazing Secret Garden,It is an older palace compared to the rebuilt Gyeongbukgong. The highlight of this palace to me is the Secret Garden at the back of this palace. There is a separate entrance fee to the garden. Entrance is strictly by guided tours only. It is limited to 100 visitors per guided, November 2019,Malaysia
19,3.0,Great historical visit,"Great place to visit for the historical feel and exploration. Colours in the winter are generally dull, but was a good cultural heritage site.", February 2017,"Singapore, Singapore"
20,5.0,Great history and beautiful grounds.,"This is a great place to visit that is rich in history. There is a small cost but well worth it. If you are over 65 yrs old it is free. If you didn't book with a guide, just find one and walk close with them. The building are amazing, it is an easy walk. You feel like you are", October 2019,"Tullahoma, Tennessee"
21,4.0,Must see on Seoul,Amazing piece of history of Korea in the heart of Seoul city. Take your walking shoes and stroll across time whilst observing people dressed in traditional clothing taking their pictures., December 2019,"Wemmel, Belgium"
22,4.0,A beautiful palace amidst the hustle of the city.,"Visited the palace first before Gyeongbokgung.  Read reviews that this palace was designed to be in harmony with the environment and after arriving there, it can be observed as to how it is.  For a Palace, it is certainly not imposing as the Gyeongbokgung one and certainly no", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
23,5.0,The best palace we visited in Korea,"There are three other palaces in Seoul alone; this one has buildings that are as original as wooden buildings can ever be after several hundred years, whereas most - not all - wooden palace and temple buildings in Korea are essentailly reconstructions or rebuilds from pieces.", November 2019,"Birmingham, United Kingdom"
24,5.0,Stunning,A pleasant surprise. This is a 600 year old heritage site. Awesome beautiful place to visit. Loved the stroll around the palace., June 2019,"Ladysmith, South Africa"
25,5.0,Dressed like a royal for a day,The palace covers a large area. So be prepared to walk in comfy footwear. There are many sections of the palace to explore and a conservatory / green house and a lake. Need at least a day to cover most grounds which we ran out of time as we were busy taking photos at every turn, November 2019,Malaysia
26,5.0,Most beautiful autumn foliage in Seoul!!!,The Huwon Secret Garden Tour is highly recommended for its gorgeous autumn foliage!!!  Only 100 tickets are available daily of which 50 are reserved for online booking. u need to create an account in order to book your tickets.  The tour is highly restricted & u are not allowed, November 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
27,5.0,Changdeokgung Palace,Changdeokgung palace is a world heritage listed palace complex.  It is indeed a very magnificent complex to visit and some of the inside buildings are accessible to the general public.  One interesting area is the pharmacy building which has been furnished  in the period of the, November 2019,"Coquitlam, Canada"
28,4.0,Nice palace & secret garden ,"This palace also has an extension which is called the secret garden. There is an additional fee of 5000 won to enter the secret garden, which has buildings set amidst trees and landscaping. The palace complex is vast and the guided tour took a lot of time. The guide was", April 2019,"Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), India"
29,5.0,The Royal Palace- Seoul,"I had heard about this palace and always wanted to visit it , so when i went for a meeting there i took a day out to see it. It is an amazing palace,with elaborately planned structure and very apt for those days but still relevant for today. The authorities have done an", November 2019,"Bengaluru, India"
30,5.0,Well preserved palaces and beautiful garden,It is by far my favourite site in all Seoul. The palaces are interesting but the big highlight is the secret garden. The foliage in November was so so pretty. I wanted to spend just one hour and ended spending most of the afternoon. It was just super relaxing., November 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
31,5.0,Worth the trip,"Again as before, go with a guide and this palace comes to life. Be prepared to walk,  the treasure is the building architecture and the history.", November 2019,"Glen Head, New York"
32,5.0,powerful experiance,"well kept, great area, loved the place, best pictures to take, will enter you directly to the seoul experiance", September 2019,"Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut, Israel"
33,4.0,Moonlight Tour,This tour includes a guided tour of the palace grounds at night plus a performance at the end if the tour. We were served hot Korean tea in a disposable cup and given a goodie bag containing a purse and a bar of soap. It would have been nice if we were given some traditional, October 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
34,5.0,Impressive,"no wonder this palace is classify at the UNESCO; the construction is impressive and well preserved;  you will like the different color tiles and sculptures; if you go in summer, make sure you go early as it can be really hot there. ", July 2019,"Roses, Spain"
35,4.0,Lovely palace,"Changdeokgung and the adjacent Changgyeonggung are my favourties in Seoul. In spring they have beautiful cherry blossoms and in autumn they have attractive autumn colours. However, the summer in Seoul this year was long and dry, so the autumn colours were quite disappointing.", October 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
36,5.0,My favorite palace in Seoul,"Changdeokgung is by far my favorite palace in Seoul due to the secret garden... if you are visiting it, I recommend you take the secret garden tour as well.. totally worth it! ", August 2019,"Lausanne, Switzerland"
37,4.0,TONNES of Photography Opportunities!,"Like Gyeongbokgung Palace, my wife and I been to the day before, Changdeokgung Palace offers visitors many, many photography opportunities.  My wife rented a hanbok from one of the numerous hanbok rental shops in the palace's vicinity and for 4 hours, we toured the palace", October 2019,Singapore
38,5.0,Must see ,"I think If you just see one temple in Seoul this needs to be the one! The secret garden is amazing and pro tip you don’t need to do a tour, you can do it alone ", November 2019,"Melbourne, Australia"
39,4.0,Interesting and quieter palace,I went to Changdeokgung Palace on a Sunday afternoon. It has less much people than Gyeongbokgung Palace. But I was not disappointed. I had opportunity to take many beautiful photos with interruption from other tourists. Don't expect grand buildings here as well as other palaces, October 2019,"Holtsville, New York"
40,4.0,Interesting Visit,Joined the 11.30am tour which was made very interesting by our guide. Plenty to see and the garden are extensive to walk around in. , October 2019,"West Hills, California"
41,5.0,Don't miss the Secret Garden tour for the most beautiful photograph opportunities,To a Westerner there seems little difference between the many palaces of Seoul but Changdeokgung stands out because of the beautiful Secret Garden tour. When you finish the tour the gate to Changgyeonggung is just on your left - not as interesting but worth a quick look if you, September 2019,"London, United Kingdom"
42,5.0,a bit of history,I went there in the last Wednesday of the month - when all museum and culture sites are free. Of course there were a lot of people wondering by. The people dressed in the traditional Korean clothes gives a nice feel to it all., October 2019,"Brasov, Romania"
43,5.0,A huge and ancient palace surrounded by attractive gardens,"Very impressive, colourful, well maintained, and beautiful buildings, Lots to explore, guides are available. You can also visit the secret garden an adjacent palace and gardens, all for an amazingly reasonable entry fee. Allow half a day to have a good look. ", October 2019,"Brisbane, Australia"
44,5.0,Amazing to visit during autumn ,The palace was amazing and the architecture overall is really nice. Unfortunately we couldn’t go into the secret garden because the tickets were sold out. But the small lake and the rest of the park around the palace was really beautiful especially with the changing leaves of, October 2019,"Seoul, South Korea"
45,5.0,best palace,Maybe the best among the five big palaces of the city. Do not miss the secret gardens (close earlier that tha palace)., October 2019,Delft
46,4.0,Beautiful and serene,"We had very limited time at Seoul, so I only had the option to visit 1 palace during my trip. As we rented hanbok at Bukchon Hanok Village, we decided to go to Changdeokgung as it is a bit closer. The palace is not that big, but we had ample time taking pictures within the", October 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
47,4.0,Worth a visit,The palace grounds are quite extensive with large ponds and a separate garden area which costs extra but worth seeing.  Initially you have a guide but you can leave the group to look around on your own if you want. , October 2019,"Melaka, Malaysia"
48,5.0,Worth a visit,"Very busy when attended, but still an enjoyable experience, ornate decorations and gardens, once inside easy to forget you are in middle of city.", October 2019,"Brisbane, Australia"
49,5.0,Another great palace,This is another great palace. It is not the biggest one but still one of the five more important ones. , October 2019,"Voyageurs National Park, Minnesota"
50,5.0,Do you need to go online for ticket to Secret Garden?,"Online tickets to the secret garden always sold out. You can go directly to the palace and get the tickets over there. If you need a guided tour (Won10,000) and it will last for 1 hour. But if you are in a hurry, you can get the ticket for just Won1000. You can get the ticket", October 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
51,4.0,Glad to have stopped by.,"Admissions is cheap here, and to be able to stroll the grounds of the palace makes it a worthy destination for the tourist visiting Seoul.", October 2019,"Virginia Beach, Virginia"
52,4.0,Day visit,Use the side entrance— no one is there and you don’t have to wait in the really long lines at the main entrance. For me and nieces it was 6k won. Game changer. , October 2019,"Madison, Wisconsin"
53,5.0,"So close to other attractions, so definitely worth at least popping in!","Beautiful! Definitely worth walking around for a bit - especially since it's so close to Bukchon Hanok Village, Insa-dong, etc. Didn't do the secret garden tour, but wish I had. Gorgeous colors, as is typical with Korean architecture. ", October 2019,"Sharon, Massachusetts"
54,5.0,"Beautiful, but do not underestimate the amount of walking required","Beautifully restored palace that is worth a visit. Be prepared for a lot of walking, a lot of steps - so this isn't necessarily great for someone who is challenged with either. But otherwise, it's great to visit and be able to wander at your own pace through all the buildings", October 2019,NYC
55,5.0,A beautiful restored palace and area,"This is like a smaller version of the main palace in Beijing.  It is designed very similarly, though a little smaller.  The buildings were rebuilt after the Japanese occupation from 1910-1935, when it was torn down.  They actually had underground heating before the Chinese did.", October 2019,"Long Beach, California"
56,5.0,Beautiful Korean characteristic monument,À Seoul must-go Do not forget to check the time of the changing of the Gate’s guards. Think about coming in advance! You can also try to wear a rented hanbok(traditional clothes). That is an unforgettable experience!, September 2019,"Le Val, France"
57,5.0,Massive place and it’s beautiful ,I hired the traditional “hanbok” dress to wear to the palace and get nice photos. This place is perfect for photos and the architecture and history is beautiful. Wearing the traditional dress made it more surreal and it really felt like you were there. It is a huge place so, October 2019,"Geelong, Australia"
58,5.0,Stunning,"We were so tired and decided we would not give it justice, so came back for a second visit the next day, we saw the secret garden. So calming and beautiful.", October 2019,London
59,4.0,Beautiful need place,"Sure this is a beautiful place you need to visit when in Seoul. Nice palace a garden normally plenty of tourist, but quite large to breath.", October 2019,"Cremona, Italy"
60,5.0,Need to visit in Seoul,Going through centuries of Korea history in a palace which was the headquarter of several Korean dynasties. Getting to know Korean history and its rich culture., September 2019,"Lausanne, Switzerland"
61,5.0,Beautiful palace,"Great palace. Even better if you rent a hanbok from the shop opposite the entrance for around W15,000 - free entry into the palace if you’re wearing traditional korean dress (doesn’t apply for the secret garden)", October 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
62,5.0,Serene palace,"Honestly, I prefer this palace if compare to Gyeongbokgung Palace. Beautiful landscape and has a mixture of different era building. Some part of the palace was rebuilt after being burned down. Joined a free English walking tour and got to know more about a beautiful story of the", October 2019,Penang
63,4.0,Manageable size,Very much enjoyed wandering around this UNESCO site.  Now regret that we didn’t do the Secret Gardens but we were tiring., September 2019,"Boston, Massachusetts"
64,4.0,Very nice place ,We had a good time visiting this place. We came on weekend and had many locals dressed with traditional clothes. Plenty to do for 2-3 hours. , October 2019,"Klaipeda, Lithuania"
65,5.0,Changdeokgung Palace,"Interesting Palace to learn about ancient Korea and its architecture.The English tour guide to the hills and valleys of the Secret Garden was a superb insight to the life and times of the early dynasties. The Palace is spread over a wide area, which is mainly flat, but there are", September 2019,"Belfast, United Kingdom"
66,5.0,Fascinating,Don't miss the Secret Garden! Definitely worth pre-booking in advance and one of the highlights of my visit to Seoul. The palace itself is also interesting and very well preserved., September 2019,"London, United Kingdom"
67,4.0,Only worth it with a private guide.,"We took a tour (booked thru trip advisor) where we had a private guide and a choice of destinations.  We chose this one since we could do Gyeongbokgung by ourselves.  A bit smaller (less walking), but more time for guide to explain things.", September 2019,"Nashville, Tennessee"
68,4.0,Beautiful place not to be missed when in Seoul ,"We visited this place with two children. It is beautiful place and lots to see  Highly recommend. Give enough time . Lots of walking . We took English speaking guide, Bit disappointed as she spoke very fast and did not allow group together to catch up. Go early as not to miss", October 2018,"Harrow, United Kingdom"
69,5.0,The most impressive Royal Palace in Seoul,"Changdeokgung Palace is the most well-preserved Palace from the Joseon Dynasty. This is the place where the King and their ministers dicussed about Political affairs and was the residence of the Royal Family, too. As all the palaces, it was burnt during the japanese invasion", August 2019,"Barcelona, Spain"
70,5.0,My favorite Seoul Palace,"This palace is quieter than the central site.  It's close to Bukchon Village and great places to eat and cafes.  Just a beautiful, sprawling historical landscape.", September 2019,"Washington DC, District of Columbia"
71,4.0,Lovely architecture & a feel for Royal living,Visited this Palace first & picked up a free guide outside the Palace. These are students that are practicing their languages & are very helpful & friendly. They wear orange tops & can be found outside the entrance area. They give an excellent overview without going into too, September 2019,"Kirkwall, United Kingdom"
72,4.0,lovely palace to visit,"The Changdeokgung Palace is smaller than Gyeongbokgung (faster to see if you are short on time) and quite beautiful.  With more time visiting both on the same day is possible.  Entry is 3,000 won for adults and 1,500 won for youth, garden an additional 5,000/2,400.  The palace", June 2019,"Farmington, Maine"
73,5.0,Favorite of the palaces and secret garden was fabulous,"Please do not miss the GARDEN. It was gorgeous and the guide was outstanding. If I had one palace to go to ,this would be it,but I would take the garden over the palace itself if the time was limited.  The guide did a wonderful job of conveying the feel of life in the palace and", September 2019,United States
74,4.0,The Second Palace Dating Back To 1405,This was a secondary palace  of the Joseon Dynasty that ruled from 1392 -1910. The original palace was built in 1405 and was secondary to the bigger palace just down the road. It was destroyed when the Japanese invaded  between 1592 -1598 and was rebuilt in 1610. This was an, September 2019,"Greater Melbourne, Australia"
75,4.0,Secret Garden worth a look!,"We went to the palace on the Korean Thanksgiving Day, so entry was free. However, we had booked a walking tour of the secret garden. The tour was in English, and you can only go into the secret garden with a guide. It is not accessible to the general public. Our guide was very", September 2019,"Perth, Australia"
76,5.0,Charming Palace and Beautiful Secret Garden,"Changdeokgung Palace has a timeless beauty that will make you visit again and again. It is no wonder why the ancient kings and royalties preferred here than the main palace. We are lucky to be in time for the 1030am guided tour into the palace's secret garden, a huge garden with", September 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
77,4.0,Go befare the storm,"Beautiful visit, The koreans have rebuilt this site to look very authentic and with a great eye for detail. The buildings itself are beautiful but when you add the awesome scenery in the background it becomes an epic picture perfect experience.  To enjoy the experience to the", September 2019,"Douala, Cameroon"
78,4.0,Changing of the guards is a must.,I think many people do not realise that if you visit at either 10 am or 2pm you can see the changing of the guards. If you are visiting it makes sense to see this. The Palace is quite substantial and well maintained. Interesting to watch all the folks dressed in traditional, September 2019,Bequia
79,3.0,"Overall , not over impressed!","It was our first day in Seoul, and having our small rented apartment nearby and it was a free entry day, it was our first visit! If I say it  set the tone for similar visits over our 4 days in Seoul , I would not say we were greatly impressed!  The great halls  are quite", August 2019,"Essen, Germany"
80,5.0,Beautiful and big,"The Changeokgungn Palace s beautiful and it is big! In the center of the city, it’s gardens and paths are peaceful. It was quite hot the day we visited, but shade was abundant and the various buildings were very interesting. Signs were helpful to gain insights and understanding.", August 2019,"San Diego, California"
81,4.0,nice place,"nice place for photoshoot with your hanbok. with hanbok, you go inside for free.  i booked a secret garden tour and its nice but do this only if you have time. garden of morning calm is far better.", September 2019,"Dubai, United Arab Emirates"
82,5.0,"Lovely place to visit, take your walking shoes!","The palace is one of history and culture.  It is worthwhile to book a docine or guide to take you around as there are statures and carvings that have meanings, as well as entrances that were for kings or servants, which you wouldn't necessarily know about.   The palace and", August 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
83,5.0,fell the history of Koea,The is very impressive palace. I have re-visited this palace after 10 years. I could not see the guardians in front of main gate. The watch-change ceramony was very fescinating. Thre are lots of buildings in the palace with very special fuctionality. I suggest you to join a tour, September 2019,"Ankara, Turkey"
84,5.0,great place in the centre of town.,"Lovely palace, great pic opprtunities. Loads of korean/chinese style buildings. Just a short walk from city Hall station. Lovely place to relax. ", August 2019,"London, United Kingdom"
85,5.0,Must see,Lovely place filled with history. There is so much to see. We did t have time to do the secret gardens. It was a very good visit. , May 2019,"Montreal, Canada"
86,5.0,Just Beautiful,We booked hanboks online before our arrival so were admitted for free and spent 2 1/2 hours wandering the grounds and taking pictures. We saw many Korean school groups who asked to take pictures with my blond kids and read us paragraphs in English. Everyone was so friendly. We, June 2019,"Greeley, colorado"
87,5.0,The Secret Garden is the MUST see,"Beautiful palace, but the true highlight is the Secret Garden. 90 minute tour with no more than 100 others - it sounds like a lot, and to be honest this was the most tourists we saw in one place in all the palaces.  The tour guide was knowledgeable - and stated key facts (e.g.", September 2019,"Kingston-upon-Hull, United Kingdom"
88,4.0,World Heritage site. Secret Garden tour,This palace is huge. Slightly bigger in area then Gyeongbokgung but this is a UNESCO heritage site. A secret garden tour cost additional 5000W to the entrance fees of 3000W. The tour is conducted hourly and take you into the inner part of the palace compound with a guide who, September 2019,"Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia"
89,4.0,Don't miss it,"A Beautiful Place in the heart of Seoul. It's pretty similar to Gyeongbokgung palace and not too far from it. With no doubt a must see during a visit in Seoul.  Ticket Price is only 3.000 won, but the day I went was free entry.", August 2019,"San Mauro Pascoli, Italy"
90,5.0,Good place for Hanbok ( Korean Traditional dress) experience ,The palace has nothing special but is good for the Korean Traditional dress called Hanbok experience and photos.   Just accors  the road ( opposite to this palace) there is a shop for Traditional dress rental. They charge around kRW 15000 for 2 hours rental for dress. They, August 2019,"New Delhi, India"
91,5.0,so beautiful palace,everyone who visit to korea have to visit here! i will try secret garden next time. so sad i missed it , August 2019,"Melbourne, Australia"
92,4.0,Beautiful and interesting part of culture,"Although it was a very hot (42°C) day, I challenged myself to walk through the whole domain, and it was worth the sweat :)  A big domain with beautiful old, cultural buildings. An additional touch is given by the possibility to dress in typical clothing, and there is the change", August 2019,"Ledegem, Belgium"
93,5.0,The nicest palace in seoul - don't miss this,"Does not have the changing of the guard, but it does have the Secret Garden.  There is construction, so the free tours are cut short.  The construction will be ongoing through 2020.", August 2019,"Keller, United States"
94,5.0,"Excellent Grounds, not crowded","Interesting palace in some nice grounds, well worth a visit, recommend walking to the garden area at the rear where the glasshouse is.", August 2019,"Edinburgh, United Kingdom"
95,3.0,Not overly impressed - Average experience without Secret Garden,"On the day of our visit, the entrance ticket was free except for access to the Secret Garden which I did not take. The place is nice & calm to visit with nice open pavilions and courtyards but that's probably every area of the palace. I've read reviews about Secret Garden being", August 2019,"Subang Jaya, Malaysia"
96,5.0,Perfect,It is like a mirror that shows us how this developed world emerged from its unique history. Soldiers make a morning show for visitors., August 2019,"Izmir, Turkey"
97,5.0,Better than Gyeongbokgung,"Having lived in Korea for almost a year now, I think it's fair to say that I've had my fair share of temples and palaces. I almost didn't go to this one, but I'm glad that I did! I like the flair and vibe of this palace a lot more than Gyeongbokgung. The layout of the palace", May 2019,"Asan, South Korea"
98,5.0,A palace to walk into the ancient Korea,"""It's a must go when visiting Korea."" That's what I was thinking when planning to visit Korea and I was so right. I bought the ticket of the secret garden online and checked their free general tour schedule before we went. With two experienced tour guides (for general tour and", April 2019,"San Jose, California"
99,5.0,Beautiful palace,We went for the complimentary English tour. The guide spoke good and clear English compared to other tours we did in Seoul. I do recommend going for the guided tour to really understand and appreciate this magnificent palace. The Secret Garden tour is also recommended., July 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
100,5.0,Glimpse into the Joseon dynasty history ,This is the most special of all the palaces and probably the one to visit in case you plan on doing one only. The palace is spacious with large open places. Tourists are not allowed inside much of the covered areas and most of the time you are out in the open. So it can be harsh, August 2019,"Chandigarh, India"
101,5.0,Traditional korean royal palace.,"Traditional architecture. The palace has been restored, as well as most of the historical buildings destroyed during the war.", July 2019,"Khabarovsk, Russia"
102,4.0,"Beautiful, but it's another palace.","I feel like after about 3-4 of these, they all start looking the same and you just are like ""meh"", that's how I was anyway after visiting this. For me, the real cool part of the palace is the secret garden. Amazing serene spot free of tourists and great for photos.", July 2019,"Tokyo, Japan"
103,4.0,Not so Crowded,The Gyeongbokgung Palace was packed and a very long queue of people so taking a TripAdvisor's suggestion we came here. Beautiful buildings and a calm atmospher so happy with my choice., August 2019,"Salavan, Laos"
104,5.0,Great place,Can recommend .Make sure you bring water in summer .very big palace .some palaces will look the same .important to us was that we allowed enough time to sit down and take it in ., July 2019,"Tauranga, New Zealand"
105,5.0,Impressive palace ,"If you rent the typical Korean clothes, you can enter the palace for free. Otherwise you need to pay for a ticket. There are many stores that offer the Korean clothes for rent. The gardens and the palace itself is a half day visit that is really impressive.", August 2019,"Sao Paulo, SP"
106,5.0,Interesting Residential Palace.,I visited this palace as part of a Seoul City Tour company tour.  It was very helpful to have a tour guide explain this palace to us. This palace was used for mainly residential purposes.  The palace is huge with many buildings as well as a garden.  It also is on the Lonely, May 2019,"Toronto, Canada"
107,3.0,CHANGDEOKGUNG PALACE,"Very stage managed parade for changing of the guards, very bright and colourful costumes. Museum on site", May 2019,"Mexborough, United Kingdom"
108,4.0,Palace tour,"Really enjoyed this trip, always like to tour round places like this, and this time it was a family tour, some of our members spoke Korean so we didn't need a tour guide", July 2019,"Buan-gun, South Korea"
109,3.0,Cute ,Stumbled upon it by accident. It's cute. The admission price is very reasonable. The palace itself and the surrounding grounds are very well looked after. , July 2019,"Beijing, China"
110,5.0,Fabulous Tour Guide,What made this palace stand out was the excellent English-language tour guide who filled out time there with colorful stories of the previous residents of this palace.  We highly recommend that you join one of the frequent tours (including with admission).  It will make the, May 2019,"Palm Beach, Florida"
111,5.0,"Beautiful, authentic","This palace is smaller than Gyeongbokgung palace, but it is still very large, and unlike the larger one, has more original buildings. I recommend taking the english language tour. I feel I got a lot more out of it than just looking at all the pretty buildings, but if you don't", July 2019,"Atlanta, Georgia"
112,5.0,Very Beautiful,This palace is small than Gyengbokgung but very beautiful with traditional architecture. There is a way links to the Deoksugung which have a lake and very unique glass house. It might take 2 hours to visit this place., June 2019,"Seoul, South Korea"
113,5.0,The Secret Garden Tour ,"The architecture and history here are engrossing.  However, the Secret Garden Tour is the highlight, worth the additional entry fee.  Available in English.", July 2019,"Ann Arbor, Michigan"
114,5.0,Absolutely Amazing,"Absolutely magnificent palace complex. I spent about 5 hours wandering around the inner and outer court before exploring the palace itself and the secret gardens. I was mesmerised by it to be honest. I intended to spend a couple of hours, a half day at most, but ended up", July 2019,"Dublin, Ireland"
115,3.0,Good place to use up a few hours...,My wife wanted to visit here and thus we did lol. It was okay - saw the changing of the guard and we walked around the grounds for an hour or so. I feel that once you have seen one Korean palace... you have seen them all. My better half enjoyed it..., July 2019,"New York City, New York"
116,5.0,"Fantastic palace, much more interesting than the larger one!","This is the secondary palace, but has more sections that are authentic and not as rebuilt in the 1980s.  Really gorgeous and also like a nature hike in the middle.  The Secret Garden is a must-do part of the visit. The English-speaking guide who was assigned for everyone (you", June 2019,California
117,4.0,"If you like history and architecture, this palace is for you","The structures tell stories and the value of the people residing in them. Although there are some sad stories behind the Palace, still it is amazing to know that Koreans preserve their heritage. Read the landmarks placed in every area  so that you'll appreciate more of the", June 2019,"Makati, Philippines"
118,4.0,"Beautiful, but also a little lifeless","A very beautifully decorated and in many ways a spectacular place. Old and full of history. Certainly worth a visit. The secret gardenis nice, but on the guided tour, which you must take to visit, you see mainly small temples and buildings, while the garden itself is really more", July 2019,"Copenhagen, Denmark"
119,4.0,Famous for its secret garden,"This is one of the main palaces of the Joseon Dynasty. It is the most well-preserved, with many structures, gates, rooms, halls and pavilions. The palace is famous for its rear secret (Huwon) garden. A separate ticket is required to visit the rear garden and must join a 90 mins", June 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
120,5.0,Beautiful landscape,Just visit if you do have at least 3 hs to go to every place in this complex of buildings and gardens. You can visit all of it for wons 9.000. Even a secret garden excursion. This place and gardens are breathtaking.  Although the buildings lack more historical information in, June 2019,"Sao Roque, SP"
121,5.0,Seoul Searching,It's a wonderful place to add in your Itinerary to have a glimpse of  Korea's rich history.  Enjoyed walking thru their courtyard and the huge structures that they have in the grounds., March 2019,"Subic Bay Freeport Zone, Philippines"
122,5.0,Wonderful,A must visit to this UNESCO site!  Peaceful and glorious. A nicer palace to wander around and well preserved buildings.  Secret Garden tour must be booked ahead of time and highly recommended, June 2019,"Stavanger, Norway"
123,3.0,Don’t visit on a hot day!,"I’d premise this with the fact it was an exceptionally hot and humid day we visited Changdeokgung palace which definitely impacted our enjoyment. The gardens are the main reason to visit and they are lovely (no flowers, all trees and greenery when we went in June - well", June 2019,"Glasgow, United Kingdom"
124,3.0,Get ready for a 1 and half h guided tour,"Not as beautiful as the Gyeongbokgung to be honest and you must go to the secret garden following a guife, you cannot enter by yourself and it's not worth one and half hour.. ", June 2019,"Naples, Italy"
125,5.0,Another beautiful series of Temples and Palaces near Gyeonghbokgung Palaces,This is a group of Palaces and Temples on large grounds.  Not far from Gyeonghbokgung.  There is a separate entrance and fee for the Gardens., October 2018,"Hallandale Beach, Florida"
126,4.0,BEAUTIFUL AND SERENE SETTING,"Changdeokgung Palace is one of Korea's ""Five Grand Palaces'.  It is definitely worth a visit.  To explore the whole complex takes several hours, but a shorter visit is still very worthwhile.  This was part of our tour of South Korea and Mongolia.  As at other palaces in Sepul,", June 2019,"Great Falls, Virginia"
127,5.0,Secret Garden tour a must !,A portion of palace grounds is limited to a daily quota of visitors and only accompanied by palace guide.  This is the Secret Garden which was the recreational forest of the palace.  About an hour the tour involves fair amount of walking and changes of elevation., June 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
128,4.0,"Peace, calm, beautiful","Honestly by now I have gone through most of the palaces in Seoul and this one impressed me with its beauty and diversity. I do have to mention that to get into certain parts of the palace you need to pay again, but it doesn't lessen the value of the palace. It is simply", June 2019,"Seoul, South Korea"
129,4.0,Beautiful -- and free entrance for seniors,"Both the buildings and grounds of this palace are delightful -- and it is easily accessible being just a couple of blocks from the Anguk (Line 3, Exit 3) metro stop. For admission to the Secret Garden, one muist have a reservation -- but for seniors (65+), entrance to the palace", June 2019,"Port Saint Lucie, Florida"
130,5.0,The main sight to see in Seoul,Must see part of any visit to Seoul..in fact the main attraction. Many Asian and Korean visitors hire traditional dress for the visit which adds to the spectacle. There is a guard changing ceremony you can view at around 10.30A.M so time your visit...lasts around 15 minutes., June 2019,"Doha, Qatar"
131,4.0,Secondary Palace,"Following the Japanese Invasion both the first and main Gyeongbokgung Palace and this secondary palace were destroyed, but Changdeokgung Palace was rebuilt quickly and then became the main palace. This unique Korean palace was built in harmony with the landscape and is a true", March 2019,"San Diego, California"
132,5.0,Beautiful architectural designs and garden,Visited with the student volunteers from Meteor Youth. The palace grounds are beautiful and the official hall with the emperor seat is stunning. Do make sure you book the tour for the secret garden. I would recommend you do the 90 mins tour of the secret garden first then visit, June 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
133,5.0,Worth the visit,This was the second palace I visited and it was the better of the 2. It was ready to get to. I arrived at 9 and it was a great time for picture taking before the crowds. Later school children showed up and it was a lot busier. I took the free English your at 10:15 and paid for, June 2019,"Omaha, Nebraska"
134,5.0,Well-preserved palace,"We were glad that we were able to join the guided tour in English of the Secret Garden at the back portion of this palace and to learn more about Korean History and life of royals, and how the palace was used. It is nice that Korea was able to preserve this for people to visit", May 2019,"Taguig City, Philippines"
135,5.0,Fascinating,The different palaces and the Korean architecture is very fascinating. Very beautiful place and it feels like travelling to the past as I was walking and seeing different palaces., June 2019,"Quezon City, Philippines"
136,5.0,Favourite Palace ,This is one of the most visually beautiful palaces to visit in Seoul. Not only are the structure stunning from the outside with their beautifully painted motifs but the insides are stunning as well including some interesting furnished pieces. Make sure you book tickets for the, June 2019,"Calgary, Canada"
137,3.0,My expectation was too high..,I think my expectation was way too high and the day I visited was a cold day without much sun. That's why I was little disappointed and it would have been so much better if the day was warmer and brighter., April 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
138,3.0,Ok,"Not bad but doesn't compare to the temples elsewhere in South East Asia. Its expansive lots of areas to explore but no magic ""wow"" moments! ", May 2019,"Manchester, United Kingdom"
139,5.0,Beautiful garden,"The palace is very nice, but the garden is so much nicer. Lots of trees, so a nice place to visit on a hot day. Entering the garden is kinda weird. You have to buy a ticket for a specific time and only at that time you can enter the garden, even though the sign at the garden", May 2019,The Netherlands
140,5.0,Oasis,"Missed the flowers in season, but still a huge and great palace to visit. Lots of space and greenery. You can pay and go into the secret garden but the next tours were booked so we didn’t bother waiting hours", May 2019,"Melbourne, Australia"
141,5.0,Great few hours with family ,This is a great place to visit lots of history right in front of you perfectly preserved for tourists and Koreans who want to visit the local palaces. There are many palaces in Seoul but this is a very nice one which really is nicely preserved and is super easy to navigate, May 2019,"Leeds, United Kingdom"
142,5.0,Not the biggest but maybe the prettiest of all palaces in Seoul,"This palace is not smaller than Gyeongbokgung, but with the secret garden maybe the most beautiful one. Still always many tourists and local people, but not as crowded as Gyeongbokgung. Many photogenic spots, quiete enough to make good interesting instagram photos.", May 2019,"Surabaya, Indonesia"
143,2.0,Underwhelming,"It’s unclear what, if anything, is the original structure. It has been reconstructed with bits from another palace which makes it all seem a bit pointless, especially since they point out that  many structures were modified in the process. Is this really what the palace looked", May 2019,"Stockholm, Sweden"
144,4.0,Moonlight Tour on 28th Apr,Glad that we sign up for this moonlight tour. The atmosphere at night was so different from the day where it was much more peaceful except that it can be quite scary if you're walking alone. It's so beautiful at night walking around with a lantern on hand.   Get to see more of, April 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
145,4.0,Palace with Historical of its Past,Is good place to have an look of their historical past which i wonder why the area is quite small in compare with palaces in other countries. Good photo taking with modern building surrounding the palace, April 2019,"Petaling Jaya, Malaysia"
146,4.0,Authentic Korean Architecture,"One of my focus when I travel is to see and feel authentic architecture of the country that I travel to. But my wife has a different reason why we have to get into this palace, and it’s the Secret Garden, because that’s where her favorite Korean soap opera stories are based on.", June 2018,"Worcester, Massachusetts"
147,4.0,Beautiful palace!!,"I came here to see history and culture of Korea. I really enjoyed it. The palace is beautiful, and there are things, like crafts to do around the area.", September 2018,"Seoul, South Korea"
148,4.0,Nice palace,Went after lunch and was not as crowded as the other palaces. Unfortunately the secret garden was closed. Still lots of things to see., April 2019,"Zurich, Switzerland"
149,5.0,New impression,I visited Changdoeokgung  palace at night. it;'s special event for Spring and Autumn only. if you love history then don't miss this event. I saw new atmosphere of palace under the light that was decorated for make each building look outstanding and attractive. there is many, September 2018,Thailand
150,5.0,"Worth the visit, traditional palace",if you can rent a traditional outfit from the stores near by and wonder around like a local. It will help you appreciate the atmospher being recreated. , April 2019,sydney
151,4.0,2nd to Gyeongbokgung Palace,"in my own opinion, 2nd to Gyeongbokgung palace. there is a guided tour to the secret garden and you can book online. there is also a night tour of this Palace.", May 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
152,4.0,Our second best sightseeing in Seoul,"Palace is just nice and interesting, but the walk in the secret garden is value added to it. In reality, you can enter only with a guided tour but you can after first longer stop take your own route!", May 2019,"Brussels, Belgium"
153,4.0,Good palace to visit,"I enjoyed my visit of Changdeokgung palace, however I do prefer Gyeongbokgung palace personally. Of course the secret garden was the best part about this palace and for me, the main reason for going. Worth a visit! ", May 2019,Florida
154,4.0,Great place to go for a walk,not too big you can spend a time for 1-2 hour to walk around there is a garden that you have to go with tour guide in autumn it may very beatiful, April 2019,"Hat Yai, Thailand"
155,5.0,Well preserved site that shows beautiful Korea as it was in the past.,"Our family went there as part of a group tour. I strongly suggest you get a guide or someone who is well versed in the palace's history. Seeing the place without knowing its history or ties to Korean culture is such a sad experience. And of course, there are so many places to", June 2018,"Manila, Philippines"
156,5.0,The Secret Garden is awesome!,"Very nice palace grounds, with the bonus of the (pay extra) secret garden. Free tour makes the visit more meaningful.", May 2019,"Beijing, China"
157,5.0,Great sense of history,Went to the Palace with the group but I didn't get enough time to look at everything so I went back on my own few days later. There was some dancing and  the changing of the guards which was very colorful and noisy and very very interesting Thete was also a very well presented, May 2019,"Dublin, Ireland"
158,5.0,Historical Korean Palace,"If you’re looking for a little history with beautiful scenery where kids can run around, this place is for you. Lots of tourists rent old Korean royalty costumes and explore the grounds like that, taking pictures. It’s relaxing and very pretty, signage is also in English but you", March 2019,St. Thomas
159,4.0,Beautiful Palace,"It was not so crowded as I went on weekday. Too bad the main entrance ticket didn't include entry to the secret garden, so didn't go in.", April 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
160,4.0,Decent palace,decent palace with a few guards outside. dint visit inside in particular since we had been to the biggest palace in seoul, April 2019,"New Delhi, Delhi, India"
161,5.0,Lovely palace and gardens,This is the prettiest of Seoul's palaces and alot of it has to do with the secret gardens which is the highlight. Make sure you go on a guided tour as I think it makes the place come alive more when you understand the use of the buildings and the history of the Korean monarchy., April 2019,"Glasgow, United Kingdom"
162,5.0,Another must-see palace,"This palace comprises many different buildings and squares, all very photogenic. With limited time, I visited the queen's buildings. Well worth a longer stay", April 2019,"Norwich, United Kingdom"
163,5.0,Greenhouse - museum - Palace,"Nice place to see and understand about Korea architecture.  Starting from the gate which  oposite the main gate of Green House, to the Museum and then straight to the palce.  Incredible about the culture and structure of Korea", April 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
164,5.0,The Best of Five Grand Palaces in Seoul,"Changdeokgung is divided into two major complexes, the palace complex and the secret garden complex. Each has its own tickets. The free entry perk of wearing hanbok (Korean traditional clothings) does not apply to Changdeokgung's secret garden. You still have to buy the ticket", April 2019,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
165,4.0,Beautiful Palace,I came here around 9.30 am and it wasn't crowded. The entrance ticket is 3000 Won for palace only and 5000 Won if it's include the ''Secret Garden'' area. The design is not too different with Gyeongbokgung Palace but nice to spend some time here., April 2019,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
166,5.0,Fun and interesting,"Seoul is an interesting historic city.  James, our guide, was very personable and fit our interests perfectly.  He grew up in a small village after the Korean conflict and shared plenty of local details that few tourists ever know.  The palace tour with the changing of the", April 2019,"Birmingham, Alabama"
167,5.0,Changdeokgung & Secret Garden ,It's the secondary palace used during the Joseon Dynasty and the Secret Garden is a must to visit as it's open at limit time for visitors only.  It's worth to visit and understand the information provided by the guide. It's a good time to explore during Spring from my view as, April 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
168,4.0,SEE IT!,Inexpensive and fascinating. All the local palaces are a great place to visit. You get to see some pretty gardens and people dressed in authentic outfits., April 2019,"Tulsa, Oklahoma"
