,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,A cool place to explore the Blue House,"It's a special place for you to know about korea politic, to experience some interesting VR games, to get a view of some korea hot and nice attractions through its videos. There are some cool spots for you to take photo like president's car with body guards surrounds you. I also", April 2019
1,5.0,Quick look of Korea's political history,"It’s a very interesting place to see how Korea built diplomatic relationship with other countries. You can also see the gifts that Korean presidents and other countries exchange with each other. In front of the memorial hall you take a scenery picture with the mountain, and", April 2019
2,5.0,Are you a history enthusiast?,"I recommend this for everyone who wants to have an in-depth knowledge of Korea's history from the past, present, and the future. Although, it would also be more interesting if you can sign up for the guided tour so you'll have more interaction with an expert in the museum.", May 2019
3,5.0,Cool & informative museum about Korean history & it's presidents!,All you need to know about Korean history & presidents that ruled the country! Quite informative & also nice visuals all around the museum ^^, May 2019
4,5.0,Educational Fun,"Cheongwadae Sarangchae Is a place where you can learn about Korean History such as Korea’s previous Presidents as well as Korean culture and ambitions for the future! 🎎  Consists 2 floors of multiple exhibitions, filled with historical artifacts, paintings and even games that", April 2019
5,5.0,Highly recommended place to be,"The experience is second to none.  The openly high security standard is rarely seen in any other places, and many other countries. The surrounding area worth going too. The mountain at the back of residence is a nice and peaceful place to enjoy the view of Korea in early winter.", November 2017
6,5.0,A very nice introduction to the Korean culture,This is one of the best museums that introduce Korean culture to foreigners. I would recommend travellers to put this in their first things to do upon arrival in Korea as this will give meaning to all the other experiences afterwards. The kimchi museum gives a lot of insight on, October 2017
7,5.0,Good for kids,"Its great for kids! Out of all the museums I enjoyed this the most!, filled with interesting interactive games and activities so that you learn more about the presidency history of South Korea. Don't missed out the 3D surround photo booth!", October 2017
8,4.0,Visited again in April 2017,They have a great cafe.  Ordered patbingsu (Korean ice dessert).  It was delicious as the weather was quite warm., April 2017
9,4.0,Cheongwadae Sarangchae,"Cheongwadae Sarangchae is beautifully landscaped, and from the grounds and outside building decor you have to assume beautiful inside. Its the official residence of the President of South Korea. You need official invitation to visit.", March 2017
10,5.0,Awesome place to learn about the Presidents of the Republic of Korea,"Cheongwadae Sarangchae is a part of Cheongwadae, official residence of the President of the Republic of Korea, which is open to the public everyday except for Monday. It was amazing to learn about the history of presidency of Korea. The office of the president is materialized", June 2016
11,3.0,Stop after visiting the blue house.,"Our guide called it public relations office but it is a tourism promotion hall attempting to bring Korean culture, presidents of Korea closer to the public. There are temporary exhibits. During our visit it was textiles and clothing of Korea. There is also Life of Korean People", October 2015
12,3.0,Very beautiful architecture~!,Fascinating place~! Very beautiful architecture~! I feel great honor while to visit this historic landmark., October 2014
13,3.0,Could be boring if you don't like to know about history,"If you want to know more about diplomatics of Korea Republic with the other countries, feel free to drop by! (you can see what your country gave to them as souvenirs too!)", July 2015
14,2.0,Only go for the photo op with the President,The only thing worth going here for is the green screen room where you can take your picture alongside the South Korean President in various situations. The only information is a timeline of events which occurred during each President's term; there's nothing about the role and, June 2015
15,4.0,Interesting stop,"An interesting museum dedicated to the presidents of Korea.  We were guided here after the Blue House tour and the museum ended up being a lot more interesting than the tour.  As most Korean presidents were corrupt, there isn't that much information.  But some interesting", July 2015
16,3.0,Seoul curiosity,"The Cheongwadae Sarangchae is presented as an introduction to the presidents of the Republic of Korea, but because of the extremely politically sensitive nature of that history -- most of those presidents were unelected dictators -- it's whitewashed and presented in an anodyne,", June 2015
17,4.0,Interactive Way to Know Korea's Head of State,"I was impressed on how they showcase the Korean head of state, as if welcoming everyone to their country. It shows the replica of the office of the South Korean president, an interactive photo with the president, the gifts received by the current and previous South Korean", December 2014
18,4.0,This is Korea!,"This is a place where you can learn about the lives and achievement of former Korean presidents, located near the Presidential House (Blue House). Also, you can understand Korean traditional culture as well. It also serves as history museum and a cultural information center to", July 2014
19,4.0,You are now visiting Repulic of Korea,"You are now visiting Republic of Korea(South Korea). Cheongwadae Sarangchae is a multi-purpose exhibition hall where visitors can learn about the lives and accomplishments of former Korean presidents as well as understand the past, present and future visions of Seoul and Korea.", December 2014
