,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Huge,We didn't have to much time to explore but we saw what we wanted the most :-) We liked thisplace very much, February 2020
1,4.0,A place on which you can spend lots time,"I attended a conference at Coex center for several days. During the break and after meeting I walked around in the Coex center quite a few times. The most famous place in there is the Starfield Library. Many people went there to take photos with it, and many people read books", October 2019
2,4.0,"10,000 steps a day - guaranteed.","Coex is a massive conference center on the south side of the Han River in Seoul. It’s located above the massive Stanfield underground shopping mall and is near Samseong metro station, so it’s convenient. It’s twice the size of any conference center I have visited, so large it", September 2019
3,4.0,Shopping Galore,"This place is HUUUUGE! It looks above ground, but the Real magic happens believe ground. I believe people must have disappeared and gotten lost there, it is the Seoul version of the Rome or Paris catacombs - but with shops and restaurants. Everything you would ever need and", April 2019
4,5.0,interesting place for taking pic,"it is in Coex centre which is very nice, bez u can visit not only the library also aquarium nearby and do some shopping.", November 2018
5,4.0,better than Myeongdong,not as stressful to shop here the shop attendants aren't as annoying (they dont follow you around as much), December 2017
6,5.0,Very nice and lovely,Very organized shopping center mall which has a lot of brand name stores and also location easy to reache by car or subway , July 2018
7,4.0,Amazing library!,"We went by here without knowing it was here on our way to the Coex Aquarium. This is an amazing public library just to watch! We only skimmed through some of the covers that we could see and read, and if we hadn't already a mission, we could have stayed here for hours :).   Well", July 2018
8,3.0,Good place to shop,It is more quiet compared to Myeongdong. I liked this more relaxing shopping experience. I ate at the foodcourt of COEX., December 2017
9,2.0,The only interesting shop is the library / bookshop,"A large mall, under the conference center with plenty of shops, most in fashion, design and a food court. Very busy on Sunday afternoon, with Koreans. The Coex Center itself is huge and with some parallel conferences a bit overcrowded. The only shop making it worthwhile is the", September 2017
10,5.0,For rainy days,"This mall is huge, with a lot of options for food, there is a really fantastic must-see library, it's awesome with books every where, people kept taking pictures, hmmm the shops are good, clothes,furniture..etc I think It's a good place when it rains, you must see the library,", August 2017
11,3.0,"Interesting but average, for business people","this is a convention center, interesting but not for average tourists. There are nice restaurants that are not too expensive though, and formshoppin there is a mall with good quality clothing and interior and design goods", December 2016
