,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Such a cool vibe!!!,The vibe of this place is just plain old cool.. the restaurants on the top floor are awesome and the shops are neat (But some are very pricey) - I saw a Dj booth in the main complex so I imagine there's some sort of a nightlife vibe here as well! , October 2019
1,4.0,Neat shopping inside shopping containers ,"If you have never seen how cool retailers can make boring shipping containers interesting, then you need to come and check this out. In one section they even had a DJ spinning tunes while you shopped!  There’s food and seating too to enjoy your time here. ", November 2019
2,4.0,Go for the architecture,"Shopping center constructed completely with shipping containers. Well done, with great visual on the outside and inside. The shopping itself is mostly streetwear oriented, and a live DJ keeps things hopping. Good people watching spot.", November 2019
3,4.0,Unique place and good for photo taking,"Common Ground or Uncommon? Its truly uncommon to me. Using stacked containers to build up the structure for a shopping place is very unique, you can imagine you are walking around a sea port. I was there on a Sunday and it was rather quiet, but good for nice photo shoot without", November 2019
4,4.0,Novel and worth a visit,"An interesting take on a stack of shipping containers. Refurbished with stairs and elevators....as good as any small shopping mall but with a difference, good food options too.", October 2019
5,1.0,Part 2 of Kitchen waiting,The sad saga of my wait in the kitchen community kitchen continued... I believe the duty manager made an appearance.. asking me to go to the front desk!?!  Apparently I was a ghost on my first visit.  Then Rachel a good natured service staff from the café showed up and also, November 2019
6,4.0,Common ground for photos,"Came here for the mandatory photo. One may spend some time wandering around the shops and you may find something that you like, or just for a cuppa.", May 2019
7,4.0,One hipsters’ corner.,"The architecture (or not) was very pleasing to the eye, very Instagrammable, houses some of the hype streetwear brands such as Vans, Fila, etc. Make sure you visit Index bookstore at rooftop level if you have a thing for books and stationery, the cute tiny place certainly gave a", September 2019
8,5.0,Funny time,"Until now, I still remember the time when I was in Korea. Specially, timing in Common Ground. Thanks to my Korean friend who lead me to there and I really love there. Seem like that place is spend for young people enjoy their time. High recomment for there to younger traveler or", November 2018
9,5.0,Awesome place to hang out,"A melting pot of culture and fun activities, there is always something to do here, and also a lot of shopping experiences. ", May 2019
10,4.0,Nice place for instagram photos,"It's a small shopping centre but looks really fun, and nice. There are couple of spots for taking cool photos. I enjoyed my experience here.", July 2019
11,3.0,Common Ground for Instagram,"Not gonna lie, this place is pretty cool for photoshooting. Using containers as buding blocks for a shopping and chilling spot, it gives a modern with a funky twist which makes this place stood out from any other place in Seoul.  If you're up for an indie-esque kind of photos,", May 2019
12,3.0,"Ok for photos, not that interesting for shopping ",Ok place to take some photos of something different but retail offer is pretty average and many pop up street stuff. , April 2019
13,4.0,Would visit again for cake,A cool shopping area made out of shipping containers. The shops inside range from cute stationary to popular sportswear brands and some Korean clothing shops. Nice to browse or shop if you like that. There is also a level with restaurants but we skipped those and went to the, June 2019
14,3.0,Common Ground - Good place for taking photos,"Common Ground is a good place for taking photos but not too good for shopping as an outlet. Unlike the Outlets in Japan, it has relatively less designer-brand shops and the products there are actually quite expensive. However, the blue containers design of the outlet is fun and", June 2019
15,5.0,Special place for photo shooting  ,"It’s a hot place in Seoul fr photo shooting, use  blue cargoes to built that places, lots of shops and restaurants. Get the green line 2 subway, exit 6 at Konkuk uni, walk 3 mins straight. Easy to find it.", June 2019
16,3.0,Not a must do,Small amount of stores and cafes to visit.  This place is more for photos in front of the containers. I wouldn't make it a priority to do. If you do visit make sure you have some other plans within the area doesn't take too long to go through every there. , June 2019
17,3.0,A few small stores and a crowd at the parking lot,"I think people just come here to take a picture at the blue parking lot. I did that too.  There are many small stores inside, you can buy some korean clothing & accessories. On the first floor I saw many streetwear.  However, I feel like most of the people are outside on the", May 2019
18,3.0,Just for photo taking,"Nothing fancy for us, just our own opinion. This is a place just for photo taking only. Can visit if got extra time during visit in Seoul. ", May 2019
19,4.0,Common ground - Many things you find in common interest,"A great place to find clothing, shoes, apparel the tucks the heart's strings.  Would not burn a hole in your pocket though as the prices are very reasonable.", December 2018
20,4.0,Unusual place to shop or dine,"This is a fairly small place of two main buildings linked together and made entirely from metal shipping containers. That makes for quite a quirky look from the outside, although you don't notice it that much inside.  There are quite a few restaurants and cafes here too so it", April 2019
21,3.0,For photo taking,"This shopping mall is built by stacking up some 200+ containers over 3 stories. It is close to Konkuk Metro Station and recommended in my guidebook, so I went to check it out on a Sunday evening. It's not busy when I got there. I am more interested in the design of the compound", April 2019
22,2.0,Photo taking only. Not a must go.,Not a big place. Apparels sold here are on the high side and you can get them elsewhere. A good place for photo taking. You can give this place a miss if you don’t have time., April 2019
23,4.0,really simple but beautiful place,"definitely a place to visit when in korea. nice spots for photography and good food! i tried analog kitchen, was quite pricey but definitely food for value!!", January 2019
24,4.0,Unique and small complex,"C ( 18.01.04 )  I and my friend visited this complex on our way to Konkuk University station. There was small area, but had unique shape made by container. We visited at night, there was good atmosphere and mood.", January 2019
25,4.0,Worth visiting at night during Christmas time,"Interesting place where shops (mostly sports goods), restaurants and coffee shops are brought together “in the grounds”. Spectacular view at night time during Christmas, nice getaway after touristy and historic places in Seoul", December 2018
26,2.0,"Overpriced hype, tiny space ","If you’re into paying a premium for food or like the hype, this is the place for you! There’s a range of shops, all at full price and quite expensive and some dining choices.  We did check out all the containers but didn’t find anything special about it. Has potential but at the", December 2018
27,3.0,Unique location but not unmissable,"Common ground is a unique shopping destination with a number of small shops and eateries (on the top floor). The place has two sections with one dedicated to mainly menswear while the other has a variety of stores with some womenswear. However, the prices of clothes in the", December 2018
28,3.0,"Different, but still a shopping complex.","Imagine a coupla hundred shipping containers stacked to resemble a large number of interlocking shops... two stories of them! Something slightly different, but still a shopping complex of individual shops. How much time one spends here....depends on each individual, and", November 2018
29,4.0,Come with a supportive instagram friend,This is location is very picturesque. The best shop I went into is the Milkcow in Boots shop where they sell bread with Cheese filling inside. I recommend everyone to try it., November 2018
30,5.0,Soul of Night,"Yes! Thank god during my trip, i planned to go there to watch the sunset. Really nice! It not like u can see a clear picture of the object but the light spread very nice and surrounding the area. Its very calm and peace. I went there on Monday which not so crowd so it really", September 2018
31,5.0,Very instagram friendly,"This place was cool. Lots of shops and cafes. At the time we were there they had a beer festival going on. Super cool mall build up by containers. Lots of fun, lots of people. ", November 2018
32,4.0,Creative Space with urban local and international brands ,"Very cool and unique place, shoppingcenter built out of containers. Brand mix fits, young and urban street brands. My highlight: Coffee on the roof top!", October 2018
33,3.0,Just another shopping mall,Just another shopping mall...but it has a cool exterior made of shipping containers...has some good spots ro dine and drink , August 2018
34,4.0,Cool place ,"Nice hang out place where you can find restaurants, cafe and shopping under one roof. Wide variety of international cuisine. ", May 2018
35,3.0,Cool concept space,"It is quite a cool concept for young crowd’s hangout space, made entirely from containers, with shops on the first & second floor and restaurants on the top outdoor floor. The exhibition space and music event on the ground level, saw a beer week event with singers and lots of", May 2018
36,4.0,Hipster Market,"Very different sort of market compared to anything that i have ever gone to in the past. The whole market is made from renovated shipping containers and very open and has plenty of rooftop restaurants and bars, while the rest is made up of international retail brands and a few", May 2018
37,5.0,Unusual and popular,This is a small shopping and eating area created with old shipping containers stacked two levels high.  It holds several shops and lots of eateries and coffee places.  We especially enjoy The Booth - a local craft beer restaurant that serves great flatbread pizza.  Absolutely, February 2018
38,3.0,Generally for photoshot,Stylish shopping mall. There are many people posting outside for a nice facebook/IG shot. Inside is a mall in which the garments are quite expensive. There are cafe and restaurants at the rooftop. It is sufficient to spend within an hour here. Can consider link this place to, April 2018
39,4.0,"Cool architecture, but basically a tiny shopping mall","If you've been to Seoul many times and are in desperate need to find some new spots in town, this is it. It opened in 2015 and is relatively new. There are fashion and lifestyle stores inside, with a couple cafe (try Dore Dore's rainbow cake for instagram fans) and restaurants.", January 2018
40,2.0,Normal and expensive,"The container building is unique, however the price for the stuff is expensive compare to other places. Not really recommend for this place.", January 2018
41,1.0,Overpriced and quiet,"Other than the architecture being of  container concept, there is not much to do there. Highly overpriced and expensive international brands.", December 2017
42,4.0,Cool space worth a visit - limited shopping and food though,We enjoyed exploring Common Ground just before noon. It opens at 11am. It's certainly a cool space and a cool collection for stores. Perhaps too cool if you're not into the mis of Korean/American skateboarder/DJ type. Collection of shops is esoteric and a bit different from the, December 2017
43,3.0,Common Ground is a new concept shopping enclave but pricey,"The Common Ground Park at Konkuk University in Seoul is a noveau approach to shopping but it turned out to be quite a let down as the range of clothes and accessories can be found in Myeongdong n Busan but at a slightly higher price. However, it is here that you can take nice", December 2017
44,3.0,Nice concept but pricy stuff,"Love the concept, with many little quaint stores selling unique stuff by young entrepreneurs and designers,  However, the prices are not so friendly to the pocket.   Few eateries on the 3rd floor, fried chicken & beer, healthy rice and noodle bento, etc. Nice place to chill", December 2017
45,5.0,Worth a visit for those who love shopping.,"Nice shops (especially for guys), nice restaurants and cafés to chill at. If you're in Seoul for shopping it's definitely worth a visit even if it's a bit far off from downtown.", October 2017
46,4.0,"Very ""Instagrammable""","This place is suited for the young and hip since there's nothing much you can do here but appreciate the huge blue shipping containers and take pictures. The shops inside are quite expensive. If you feel like having a light snack, you can also head down to the food trucks on the", April 2017
47,4.0,Good Design for Photos,"Interesting Cargo Design makes interesting photo shooting place, with some trendy young fashion shops here.  also the ice cream and coffee shop on 3rd floor both are really nic3", September 2017
48,5.0,Hip and Innovative,"This place is very hip, and majority of the people that I saw were the younger crowds. It's basically a bunch of containers put together to make a mall. Very interesting concept to say the least. It's the first I've seen and was excited to see it, and definitely met my", August 2017
49,3.0,Waste of time,"his place is is made by many blue cargo boxes,It   a container concept shopping mall .This place is small with no Elivator. The food and cafes ok .But,I did not like Shopping products, I came to this place because my wife told me she read about this place from famous blogger in", September 2017
50,4.0,Ig worthy place,Walkable distance from train station! Go there in your best ootd and a good photographer :D there are quite a few good food places nearby too.  , June 2017
51,4.0,Great for a lunchtime visit,"We spent five nights in Seoul and once we got the hang of the train system, I was glad our family of four stopped by the Common Ground container park for lunch. We didn't really explore the neighborhood but didn't sense we were missing much, so it was a hop on and hop off to go", August 2017
52,4.0,Worth for 1-2 hour stay,"Not many shops inside common ground itself or nearby walking streets. We tried spicy dishes in that western restaurant were very special and in good quality. But, it's still a suggested photo area while good weather.", April 2017
53,4.0,"A special container outlook built venue mixed with shops, restaurants and cafes",Great attractions! Container built outlook with many shops of fashion and accessories for both men and ladies. There are also having different style restaurants and cafes for relaxing while you want to take a break during shopping. We missed this place last year and specially, August 2017
54,3.0,Trendy place for a short visit,An interesting concept shopping place. There's cafes at the top floors and the other floors are retail shops. It's small so don't expect to do much shopping here. Most of the retail shops are aimed for youngsters and are more on the pricey side.  Recommend to come here just for, November 2016
55,4.0,Cool place to hangout. ,"We went here last week to check out new place in seoul. We found it is very cool with food trucks, cafes, and shopping zone. It is also a cool place to take photo and lot of photos. ", July 2017
56,5.0,Must visit Local fashion,"This place is a container concept shopping mall, I love place so much. The idea is very innovative, also this place is kinda affordable for you to shop. There are a lot of cafes too, so it is worth the visit.  Please check on my vlog for more information (EN CHANNEL): search by", June 2017
57,4.0,"Trendy, weird and odd",Some of this place looks like an unkempt backyard and some of it is very stylish and trendy.  Lots of the food places were just opening so the staff could not be bothered with us.  The best place to grab a coffee and cake is the colourful Dore-Dore.  This is a good place to take, June 2017
58,4.0,hipster place,"many local shops, for teenager and young adults. many cafes too, great place to hangout with friends and taking pictures", March 2017
59,3.0,Blue boxes ,"Common ground is made by many blue cargo boxes which is cool and attracts many tourist lined up for taking photos with the blue cargo containers.  There are some restaurants, coffee shops and retail stores! The place is quite small that it only took us one hour to walk through", June 2017
60,3.0,Small but good short visit,"Not a huge place but accessible via the metro. The cafes and food are on the 3rd floor so don't miss that.   Some unique shops but prices are higher than normal, so only buy the more unique stuffs and NEVER the common brands.", May 2017
61,4.0,Hipster container market!,There's food and shopping at the area. But the place is quite small. I only spent about an hour walking around there. But it is a nice photo spot!, May 2017
62,4.0,A new hip place to visit,We spent an hour or so visiting this hip pop-off complex using 20ft and 40ft containers. They convert them into stores selling local and international brand and restaurants/coffee shops. Definitely targeting a younger crowd but worth visiting., May 2017
63,4.0,Hipsters would love it,Nice pop up style stores with closing and accessories from both local and international brands. Definitely for younger croud and hipsters. Some cafes as well. , April 2017
64,4.0,Very unique building,The building is made from containers. There are many shops selling fashion cloths. The cloths sold are different from other places.  There is a outdoor cafe in the middle and you will find many people taking photos here. The place is easy to find and about 5 minutes walk from, April 2017
65,3.0,Over-rated.,This place just seem over-rated.  No point taking the trouble to reach here from far. Just a place with stores and restaurant made up of container. Only a photo with Common Ground container as backdrop makes it up.  We visited here on a afternoon and had our lunch here @ level, March 2017
66,4.0,Love the blue,It's a cool place for Instagram fans and photo lovers. The place is built by many blue cargo boxes mix with different retails. There's some street food trucks and some space for chill. Worthy for a visit., April 2017
67,3.0,The young kids love this place,It's a shopping centre designed to look like shipping containers- the young people were loving it...snapping selfies everywhere! Shops were trendy and not cheap. Also has some food trucks in the centre if you're hungry. I guess it's the novelty factor of the different look!, April 2017
68,5.0,"Cool crowd, instagram worthy","It's a cool space with lots of clothing and accesories shop, mostly appealing to a younger crowd but really fun and casual even for the older crowd. DJ booth with great music as well.", April 2017
69,4.0,Trendy young place with a unique Building,"The uniqueness of this building is matched by the type of shops selling youngsters and trendy clothings, mostly local brands. Certainly has a different feel than the other typical touristy places. It is located near the Konkuk Unversity subway station. ", March 2017
70,3.0,Shopping center made of containers,"A shopping center made of containers,goods sold mainly for young people. There are shops and food trucks.", February 2017
71,3.0,Hipsters,My friends from Bangkok wanted to check out this place so we visited after grabbing lunch in the area. Common Ground is near Kunkuk University so it's totally catered for the young hipster crowd. It's basically a pop-up store made up of blue shipping containers and it's 3, April 2016
72,4.0,Hip Hip Hipster Hangout!,"To all Hipsters ( and wanna be ones ) this is the place to be seen.  There are a few food trucks parked outside including the famous kimchi bus.  Inside you will find a variety of latest K-fashion accessories boutiques, and more cafe and restaurants up top then you can shake a", January 2017
73,3.0,Interesting but nothing much to see,+ Cool concept  + Interesting + Instagrammable   - Few shops inside - Shops are nothing special  - Not worth including in your itinerary  , November 2016
74,3.0,Hip-ish ,"Common Ground is a somewhat a fashion market place for the youth. It has clothing boutique, food trucks, cafe's & restaurants on the top flood and a hell of a good scenery.   The place is most definitely Instagram worthy. There were plenty fashion bloggers who came by to take", December 2016
75,5.0,Nice place,"Once you are here, you will me mesmerized by the blue container structure of the place. Its not really a shopping mall, just a common ground for retail shops within a few containers, which is a great idea. There are many places for you to take that perfect instagram photo.  Take", December 2016
76,4.0,Shopping & dating for Young Generations,Kind of Interesting places Container structure with plenty of goods (Most of them are not that expensive and fancy) Also keeping going on Events at there Until 12.11 You can see a lot of penguins. 😊, December 2016
77,3.0,Blue Common ground,"It was really catered to the university crowd generation - food wise, clothing wise, and general feel. College kids are just there to take pictures with their significant others. A selfie world. Cute trinkets, but nothing much to buy unless you want that up & coming label. We", June 2016
78,5.0,organized and unique,come here if you want to see upcoming new designers showcasing their designs. buy them before they become uber famous. one day you will find them in upscale shopping areas. great place to chillax., November 2016
79,3.0,Young gen hangout only - there are other cultural things to see in Seoul,"It was really catered to the university crowd generation - food wise, clothing wise, and general feel.  College kids are just there to take pictures with their significant others. A selfie world.  Cute trinkets, but nothing much to buy unless you want that up & coming label.  We", October 2016
80,5.0,A great place to visit,"This place allows young Korean designers to operates their own shop with their own clothing lines and accessories, which I found it really great and on the trend. The Common Ground building by containers looks really amazing and a very good place to take a picture. Hence the", October 2016
81,3.0,Common Ground (Another tourist attraction),"Just another tourist attraction selling apparels and foods. Nothing much to shop,  but 3rd floor do have nice Korean style Chinese foods you can try ", October 2016
82,3.0,Funky shopping area,"Consisting of stacked storage containers, this little ""mall"" is full of quirky, young-oriented shopping.  This is not necessarily budget shopping, but interesting.", July 2016
83,4.0,Lots of upcoming designers and shops,"Shopping Centre built from containers in blue. Common Ground is Korea's first and World's largest Shipping Container Shopping Mall nearby University station in Seoul.There are restaurants, cafes and a number of different types of stores. Also, in the middle of the structures is", August 2016
84,3.0,Go for photos but no cheap shopping. ,"A lot of local Koreans come to this place for photos. I guess this place is mainly good for photos, especially if you are a blue fan, but don't expect you can buy a lot from here. The mall is smaller than expected and prices are high. ", August 2016
85,4.0,Very Blue. Visit only if you need to kill time,"Apparently it is the biggest container ""mall"". It is somewhat interesting but the things are quite expensive. We went there as we need to find somewhere cooling to hide from the sun. Haha.   Before we left, we went to the cafe called ""Dore Dore"". They sell good cakes and coffee.", July 2016
86,3.0,Common Ground,"Nothing much to do there. There's shopping and food, however it is just a very small area. Most people just head there for photo taking purpose. ", May 2016
87,4.0,Blue Containers,"Infamous mall made out of blue containers. It's a nice place to chill, shop a little and take photos. Youthful atmosphere as it is close to Konkuk University", May 2016
88,4.0,Streetwear Heaven on Earth,"I have to say I kinda love this place. If you are looking for cool and hip streetwear clothing, this is the place to shop when you are in Seoul. I found so many cool stuff with good deals.  I love the idea of the container type building. Making it look edgy and of course an", September 2015
89,3.0,Smaller than expected ,"A place for people to take pictures and upload to Instagram. Apart from the picture point, the mall is little small than expected. Some special shops inside is good to visit. Spend less time than I preferred.", January 2016
90,3.0,Unique and trendy place for youngsters,"Made from container. Local deisigners boutiques, restaurant and coffee hang out places.The clothes there are not cheap. There are some DJ playing music in a DJ station in the center. My fav place is their rooftop. U can take pic from the top. Such a unique n lovely place to hang", April 2016
91,3.0,Your ultimate #OOTD spot,Defiantly your Instagram worthy location. Getting here is super convenient as well. Alight at KonKuk University station (Seoul Subway Line 2 or 7) head towards Exit 6 and walk straight for approx 3 min? and you will spot the blue containers! , May 2016
92,3.0,"Blue on blue, what a cool place to visit!","The first thing I see is blue containers. The design is cool. Probably, I have spent one hour there for taking photos. There are some food trucks selling snacks and drinks.", April 2016
93,4.0,Trendy place for younger generation,Quite new shopping and event.centre for younger generation. Made from.containers it v is a good place to.hang out.for few drinks or shopping. Brands use this space for promotions and pop ups. In one end of this place there is a fantastic restaurant from celebrity chef., May 2016
94,5.0,I wonder why only such few reviews of this place,"Many local design shops with nice restaurants. You can enjoy half day here. The only deficit here is not large enough. Good for teenagers, young people. The design is good. Great layout and easy to walk around. Many Korean style fashion. I love this place. Drinking coffee,", March 2016
95,5.0,Shop and Eat,Love the trail truck usage. Its a new happening place in Seoul. I love that its accessible because its just a few gallops from Konkuk Station. , January 2016
96,4.0,"Hipster place, unique!",It's like a trendy hangout place for the young peoples of Seoul. To reach here kindly alight at Konkuk University Station (Exit 6). The external structure of the building itself is eye-catching because it is build with shipping containers. New and trendy design of garments and, January 2016
