,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Amazing and thought provoking.,"Beautifully artistic representations of the current shattered country, North and South.  The displays and many video rooms downstairs really made me think and understand the situation. I spent a lot more time there than expected. ", June 2019
1,4.0,DMZ Exhibit,We saw the old Seoul Station during our walk on Seoullo elevated walkway.  It was an older building that was converted into a rotating exhibit venue.  There was a permanent section consisting of a couple of rooms that detailed some of the architectural facts about the station as, June 2019
2,4.0,"Nice building but,,,,","Cool building and layout with the station right there but the homeless folks were a little scary. Long taxi line so we decided to walk and we discovered a place called Maloney's Station right down the street. Cool place with great craft beer, we stayed there till our hotel was", February 2019
3,4.0,It is also beautifully lifted up at night,This majestic building as character compares to the new train station. Is is also beautifully lifted up at night. You may actually see this if you are on the road or going to Seoul Station or Namdaemun (from Seoul Station). Do visit this place if you have a chance. , December 2018
4,3.0,Nice architecture,Located right beside the new Seoul Station is the old one which has some beautiful architectural features. The station is now an art gallery and is easily accessibly from the new station where there are also a Lotte Mart store and many places to eat and shop. Right in front of, July 2018
5,3.0,The Former Seoul Station. Good exhibition hall.,This is the Former Seoul Station and now it is used as a free exhibition hall. It's good to go inside and take a look half an hour. - The building itself is an attraction with history. - The outside is a wide square. It is often noisy with congregations. And it has homeless, September 2018
6,2.0,Well... in case or rain,"Visiting this old station may have 2 goals: looking at the modern art exhibition inside or get an idea of the building architecture. The first may probably vary as exhibitions are temporary, but while I was there they were… let say it politely: not worth the detour; the second", August 2018
7,4.0,Same one in Japan’s Tokyo station?,"We walked past this on the way back to our hotel and we thought we saw a similar one in Japan’s Tokyo station. Not sure of the significance. There are a lot of homeless men here.   This station is no longer used as a train station but is confusingly named as Seoul station, and", June 2018
8,4.0,Old Station Museum,This is the old Seoul Station turned into a museum. This is a amazing place beacuse architecture from this museum like European style building. You can take the photo with so many spot in this place. , April 2017
9,4.0,Busy central station,The station is the main terminal for KTX and express services to Busan. The AREX airport express trains operate from here and go to both the Gimpo and Incheon International airports. The station is also served by the Gyeongbu line to various places in the country.   From the, August 2017
10,4.0,"From the outside, it has neat potential as a very beautiful structure, but...","We walked by on a Monday when apparently it is closed (there was a guard on duty and we did peer behind him when he opened the door - there appeared to be some art exhibit on the main floor). It is the old Seoul train station, replaced with the modern extremely boring building", November 2017
11,4.0,Funky art railway station ,Happened to go through the new railway station and arrived at this place. Peeked inside and took a free tour. Different from the usual fare and had some fun with us being digitally imaged on the screens. And there was a wee bit of nudity....... A good hour well spent and learnt, October 2017
12,3.0,An Exhibit hall now,"The Cultural Station is next of the Seoul Station.  It was an old train station converted to an art exhibition hall.  The architecture of the building is interesting and is photo worthy.  If you go to the Seoul Station, you can also visit this one.  Otherwise, there is no need", October 2017
13,5.0,Culture Station Review,This museum has been used as Seoul station once upon a time. Now it has very interesting artwork inside. There are many rooms formed into exhibition centers with very interesting studies. It is worth visiting in Seoul., October 2017
14,5.0,Learn about Old Seoul and its rail network,This is the old Seoul Station turned into a museum. Head out of the main entrance of Seoul Station and take a left.  Its a great museum with lots see inside. On entry i received a little ticket likened to the old style tickets that were used in the past. A good touch.  Its not, September 2016
15,5.0,Great art exhibit ,"Really cool historical building right next to the newer Seoul Station. When I went , they had an art exhibit about the movement of time. It was fantastic. There was a variety of types of art and they all had explanations in multiple languages. There were even some interactive", June 2017
16,4.0,Old Station,Nice old architecture. Right next to the actual Seoul station. Art gallery is like a museum. Good for a small stop, May 2017
17,4.0,Now another art galery,"If you are around the station then head up to have a look at the outside of the old station. It has been turned into an Art gallery and I have seen enough of these over the last few days so I didn't go inside, but the outside is worth a look as it has been well looked after.", February 2017
18,3.0,Elegant architecture,"Old Seoul Station is next to new Seoul Station, worth going to take a photo because it is beautiful.", February 2017
19,4.0,Historical Building,"Just by the exterior, you can tell that this is a historical building. As a child, I remember taking the train at this station to visit the south side of Korea with my family. I haven't been on a train since then but have visited the station to meet up with friends. The inside", April 2016
20,4.0,Interesting,Again this is a great historical building to go look at located right next to the new downtown train station. You definitely get the feeling that millions of people have walked through there, September 2016
21,4.0,Nice architecture and great station,"I like the architecture and how central and well connected it is. The station is clean and relatively easy for travellers to find their way. Buses, taxi stands, metro, trains in a clean station. Good station", June 2016
22,4.0,Clean and Easy,Seoul train station is really clean and not that huge so anyone can find the train very easily but the elevator is not working sometimes that makes you difficult to carry your bag pack anyway there is easy access to get in and out., June 2016
23,4.0,Old Seoul Station,Old train station revamped into a place for exhibitions. I'm glad they kept the exterior look of it. Must be grand in the old days., April 2016
24,4.0,"Lovely building, lots of shopping options",Nice European style building with lots of shops and huge Lotte outlets. Great eateries too. This is the main station where you can take a direct train to Incheon airport., April 2016
25,4.0,Nice Big Building,It is old subway station. Nice design with grand look. There is lotte mall nearby the station. Also bus stop is just opposite the station, April 2016
26,4.0,Nice architecture ,Do you know this was the first Subway Station built in Seoul South Korea?? Just a fun fact anyways I like this station its bustling it's busy if you're in for shopping there is lotte duty stores nearby it's convenient you can also walk to City Hall and 남대문 market and gate is, March 2016
27,4.0,Old building turned into Art Gallery,There was a Van Gogh art exhibition in January.  I passed by Seoul Station and found it amazing with people lining up to get in the exhibits., January 2016
28,5.0,Typojanchi 2015,"Stumbled on the Typojanchi 2015 at the old Seoul Station building. Very nice art installation showcasing typography, culture and paper.", January 2016
29,4.0,Impressive station,Very big and modern station. Staff were helpful and it was very easy to navigate around the place once we arrived from busan. , December 2015
30,4.0,Great Grand Train Station,"My KTX train arrived on time from Busan.  From the moment I left the train, I could feel the momentum of the station.  Quickly took us up to the upper level, a modern train station was in front of us.  People are moving fast, everyone is busy and signs are clear to show the", December 2015
31,4.0,Cool Building,"So I did not get inside of this place, nor did I know one could. It was just cool to see this building that looks like something one would see in Europe, only in Korea. What I wanted to  review was just Seoul Station itself and there was no option for that. What an incredible", November 2015
32,5.0,A modern train station,"It is situated amidst the old town and has a express flyover to reach there .korail speed trains commutes from here. Old structure has been kept with a new ultra modern building with shopping arcade, food courts and lotte outlets for upend market. Further the stationn also has", November 2015
33,5.0,Unexpected,"I was expecting an old train station but when we went in we discovered that's it's the craziest museum in the world. I'm not sure if it's modern art or what but the displays were like..... Balloon rooms, gold toy guns, melted Lego, etc. Super fun. ", November 2014
34,3.0,The old original railroad station.,"This old building of of the Seoul train station was built in 1920 under the Japanese rule and since long replaced by the newer facilities . During the Korean war it suffered damage but was rebuild. It is a beautiful building and almost feels ""European"". Since 2011 it is like a", October 2015
35,5.0,Excellent train station,"This is the heart of rail travel from Seoul.  It is very easy to navigate for foreigners.  Most signs are in multiple languages.  Please give yourself extra time because it can be a very busy location.  Multiple subway lines, train lines, shopping center and taxi all converge on", October 2015
36,2.0,Just a passby building...,"If you have been to Europe, and compare this central station with European station this isn't a great one. If you here at the Seoul station you can just exit to have a look at the structure nothing great abt it! more over its so hot! no AC also to make you feel comfortable,", August 2015
37,4.0,Train Station,Convenient train station in center of city. The architecture of the old station is very interesting. Trains and buses are all at one location and there are many food options. , October 2015
38,5.0,Great train station - easy to get around Korea,"Clean, beautifully laid out train station - very easy for non-Korean speakers to navigate and find trains, etc.  We took the KTX train south, and later in the week returned to take the airport express train.  All easy and seamless.  Lot's of shops in the station and restaurants,", October 2015
39,4.0,Old and new!,Historic architecture with modern convenience.  The station had plenty of shops and restaurants and was located near attractions and centers of business.  Just minutes away from several hotels as well., August 2015
40,3.0,Not so good,"You can look around the station, but this station has little historic meaning, and the architecture is not so great. I do not want to recommend spend some time around this place, but you will see anyway because it locates in the middle of Seoul", January 2015
41,3.0,beautiful sight but sketchy area,"Tourists should note that this was perhaps the sketchiest area we travelled to - there are homeless people laying around all over the area in broad daylight (the only place I saw this in Seoul). If you are in the area and want to grab a quick pic, that's fine but I would not go", August 2015
42,3.0,Old Station with nice architecture,"The old Seoul Station completed in 1925 has been converted into an art space since 2011 called « Culture Seoul Station ». The real attraction of this building is its architecture. On two floors, there exhibitions, events, cultural performances, e.g.  The visit is free of charges", June 2015
43,3.0,A piece of Colonial Architecture from the 1920's,The railway station is constantly changing .....but it is basically a piece of architecture from the rather bloody period when Japan bloodily occupied and colonised the Peninsula. A railway Station is a railway station......but look at the history of Korea and be sensitive., April 2014
44,4.0,Beautiful and contrasting building,Seoul Culture Station became a cultural center after the Korean railway changed to an enormous and modern construction next to the old one as it got developed. The old building then calls attention for contrasting with the modern buildings that surrounds it and offers an agenda, December 2014
45,4.0,Nice exposition of youth artists impressions,We got a free ticket to walk through two floors of this station. A group of seemingly students had created a form of art in every room. We got the feeling the Korean's really want to give freedom to creativity in youngsters., November 2014
46,4.0,Seoul Train,"Arrived in Incheon Airport, which is a very impressive and modern airport, got to AVIS rent a car and found out I needed a International Drivers Permit to rent a car in Korea.  After the calamity of changing everything we planned, we decided to take the train from the airport to", September 2014
47,4.0,Beautiful restored and preserved,"I am not sure you will specifically go here, or that it will be on your sightseeing list, however if you are at Seoul Station, and have time you will be delighted to see the old stately structure, beautiful architecture and fancy art work.  The subway lines metro line 1, dark", September 2014
48,3.0,"nice old building, many beggars","It's a nice spot to be in, mind not the beggars that lives nearby, old buildings surrounded by many modern one. Hub of Seoul.", August 2014
49,3.0,See the old layout of a train station,We saw the old station while visiting the new one.  The old building has been converted to a museum.  It's free so have a quick look and see how the station was layout before., April 2014
50,3.0,Cooool!!,The old and new station is just side by side at Seoul Station. The building gives a good and nostalgic feel. They can maintain and keep the original colonial building in good condition. Great., April 2014
51,5.0,Excellent afternoon out,"We went here on the off chance that it might be interesting and we were rewarded! There was some kind of art festival on - it was late in the day and we'd clearly missed some activities but the exhibitions were very good. The quality was mixed, as was the range of subject matter", July 2013
52,4.0,Old and New station,"like in many other metropolitan city, the old building always re new or re build but this station is still keep the original colonial building and just build the new with ""another"" glass architecture ( so many new station in the world using this kind of glass and metal ;P ) so", October 2013
53,4.0,Former Seoul Station to remember.,It's so easy to reach your destinations in Seoul City and around Seoul by their public transport which is by train. I can say here citizens of Seoul really appreciate by using this connected underground train that across almost many of residences in Seoul nowadays., October 2012
54,5.0,Great Building...,The old Seoul Station has been converted into an art space.  The exhibit changes from time to time but the real attraction of this building is its architecture.  If you are a fan of old buildings or history there is a lot to see here.  The building has been completely restored, September 2012
55,3.0,Meeting Old friend from DaeGu City,"Someday, He called me suddenly. So i meet him at Seoul Station. I advised him something..and he thanked me..Anyway, that's my recent memory about that place. Frankly Speaking I don't have many memories about that station.", December 2011
56,3.0,This Museum has moved/closed,We tried to find this museum at the Seoul Train Station and were not able to. Someone at an info desk said the museum had moved out of Seoul., September 2011
