,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,2.0,"Spanish museum, not intresting for the ones leaving in Europe","Ticket to the museum is 10000 won in comparison with temples that are around 3000 won. Expensive, small and didn\t find anything intresting. ", August 2019
1,5.0,Great way to wander the afternoon! ,"Trekked to the museum after coffee at the Hannam-dong area. The staff at the museum were very pleasant. Seeing that I was carrying a heavy bag, one of the staff shared about their free locker service which was very helpful.   Caught the ongoing exhibition - Weather, which the", September 2018
2,3.0,Beautiful museum but attracts selfie addicts,The museum was really great and I wish I had more time to look around without having to wait on the crowds of people. I went and visited during the weather exhibit. Very interesting and wonderful. I’d say the customers coming into the museum were 85% female and 15% male (the, June 2018
3,5.0,好棒的展覽,"很遠、很偏僻，從車站要走很久。但當天展覽很棒，覺得非常值得。也許有趣程度可能跟展覽內容有關，還有自身是否對藝術設計感到興趣，但我覺得這美術館的展覽品質很好。 It’s far away from the subway station. But the exhibition was very nice. It worthies to come here. Maybe it’s depends on the exhibition and how the visitors are interested in art or design, but I", February 2018
4,5.0,More than I was expecting!,"From what I read on the other reviews I didn't think it was going to be too much to look at, but boy was I wrong!  It was very ""selfie"" friendly and they knew they were coming to a culture that loves to take photos! The vast diversity was wonderful!  I would highly recommend", January 2018
5,4.0,Amazing Mademoiselle PRIVÉ exhibition,A history of Coco Chanel as told through Karl Lagerfeld's interpretation. Wander throughout iconic Chanel trademarks and objects of inspiration. A feast for almost all the senses. Nicely curated. , June 2017
6,4.0,YASSS!,"We visited D Museum after reading about it when visiting Daelim Museum (which i highly recommend!). We saw the ""Youth"" exhibitin, which as awesome!   Regardless of which exhibit they are showing, i really do like the whole concept. They have a nice cafe, a couple of restaurants", March 2017
