,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Modern Shopping Centre ,"Connected to a busy subway. lots of eatery, a supermarket and fashion shops. There is a Art centre too.", October 2019
1,5.0,I was very pleased in this facility.,"Very nicely situated shopping mall having Sheraton hotel. I stayed in the hotel for few days to spend family vacation. It has many choices of food and shopping. Just across the road, variety of Korean foods and drinks are available. Subway green-line is available just few steps", October 2018
2,4.0,A wet day at the cube,"A wonderful two hours with friends from Dublin on a wet autumn day. Our third visit, their first. A unique experience - quirky, interesting, fun. A must is a visit to the toilets. $12 entrance included wine tasting on the top floor with views over the vineyards.", May 2019
3,5.0,Extraordinary experience ,Very modern and trendy with lots of shops and fantastic food court with live cooking. We chose the running sushi and it was great!, March 2019
4,4.0,Bit of everything,"I would say this place has the best shopping in Seoul. With HnM, Stradivarius, Zara and more. There's not too much in the way of men's fashion here though. NBot too many choices as far as dining goes, sadly, but there's enough. n", July 2018
5,5.0,Great Place to Shop,"Basically, all those retails/branded chainstores are in this place. Hyundai department store always have good promo on. Tax Refund service is located at Level 3, you may proceed to the Glocal Tax Free kiosk outside of the tax refund service counter (with your passport and credit", June 2018
6,4.0,Nice Rooms &  Great Views,"Would I stay here again? YES. -The rooms are large, clean  and modern and the views are spectacular. -There's the subway station  & mall downstairs with supermarkets, food hall etc.  The hotel has a few quirks though. -The lobby is on the 41st floor.  This is a tourist  outing", March 2018
7,5.0,convenient,"hard to communicate in English, most of the staff only able to speak korea only. the closest shopping near to hotel", April 2017
8,3.0,High end little mal,Initially we came here to bring our 4years boy to visit pororo park. But its close now!!!  There's a hype little shopping mal named hyundai shopping mall within d'cube city. Its a small but stylish shopping mal. Theres food court on the lower floor. But the price is slightly, March 2017
9,4.0,Short stop over.,"Great location , really good food court in mall attached to the hotel , cafes great gym on 28 the floor unbelievable view. Really accessible to all services , very good little restaurants all around . It is a practical comfortable hotel , very nice rooms and clean can't say", February 2017
10,4.0,A Great Mall!,"I love shopping at D-Cube and eating at the food court! It's conveniently connected to the subway and they offer variety of restaurants and stores like Zara, Bershka, Mac makeup store, Uniqlo and other Korean brand stores. I love hanging out here and meet with friends. There are", January 2016
11,5.0,Pororo park is CLOSE,I went today and by my surprise this park is close. Now is another play are but not pororo related. A pitty because my kids was so excited with the comments and pictures about pororo and we found a nice play area but no pororo thematic and for toddlers , July 2016
12,5.0,Very nice foodcourt,we really enjoyed the sushi conveyor from the basement food court. The staff was courteous and friendly and was quick to assist in warming up certain sushi items. We visit twice in our 3 days in Seoul., July 2016
13,4.0,Feels like home,"This mall is different from any other malls that I have visit in Seoul. The moment I step into this mall, I feels like I'm back home in Singapore. There are many small little stores in this mall which has the same layout as our shopping mall. Although is called a department", December 2015
14,2.0,D Cube City Pororo Park CLOSED,"Ask concierge for directions and they advised that it has closed, there is another indoor park next to Sheraton called KoKomo where my 6 year old had a good time", November 2015
15,4.0,Holiday at seoul,"My second time at D-cube city centre hotel Sheraton and it was a night stop. This time round I do find that it is a very beautiful hotel . Convience of shopping centre, food courts n a train station right below. As I had review before the inconvience of having the lobby on the", September 2015
16,4.0,Best for food...shopping is just mainstream,"I was staying just within the mall complex...great for transportation, as the metro is below and once you figured out the metro line system, this is actually a good spot to head out to different places. Shopping is basically all about brand names and you can anywhere else for", June 2015
17,5.0,Integrated location for both Office and LifeStyle,"Located at Sindorim Subway Station, the one time farmland has been transformed to an Integrated Office, hotel, eateries and shopping mall. It is self sustained and very convenient if you are there for business meeting at the office building, stay at Sheraton Hotel and there are", June 2015
18,3.0,D Cube - Pororo Park - Good for 5 years and below,"Went there on a Friday with my 6 year old kid.  Access and location relatively easy. Line 9 Sindorim station, city area, short sheltered walk from station.  Price 16k won for per kid and 6k won for each accompanying parent for a 2 hrs block. Free use of one small locker, good", January 2015
19,5.0,D-Cube city.  Everything in one area,We stayed at the Sheraton D-Cube City and had a wonderful stay.  The hotel is upside down with the lobby at the 41st floor and the hotel rooms were the 28th floor to the 40th floor.  All rooms had incredible views of the city.  The rooms were very modern and very clean.  Our, December 2014
20,4.0,Location is perfect for eateries at B2 level mall,"there are 4,000 eateries which does not open until 11 AM on weekdays, week ends on basement location of D Cube Mall attached to Sheraton Hotel. There are B1 24 hours McD and Starbucks type for breakfast when jet lagged and the Sheraton cafe which opens at 7 AM Nxt to it..", November 2014
21,5.0,They did just about everything right...,I go to Dcube mainly to visit and revisit many of my favorite restaurants.  It is literally attached to Seoul's busiest subway station and there are so many things to do there that I truly love everything about the place. There are so many good places to eat and I haven't been, April 2014
22,4.0,Busy,"The mall is really nice with lots of cafes and restaurants to offer.  As parking is very expensive, be sure to receive a parking credit from and place you've shopped.  You can also recieve additional credits at coffee shops.  I live in jamsil so this place is pretty far just to", October 2014
23,4.0,Good place to visit,Lots of shops and restaurants. Has a good variety of items to choose from. D-Cube is an adventure for everyone., August 2014
24,4.0,It's a mall,"Okay, it's a mall. But the Koreans know how to do malls. I'm more of a foodie and this place did not disappoint me. They have bakeries and any kind of food you could want from American burgers to Korean bibimbap. It's connected to the subway so it's easy to find and get to and", August 2014
25,4.0,A nice place for events,"It's a well-planned mall for a younger audience with many amenities for events such as the Seoul St. Patty's Day festival. It's attached to Sindorim stn, so it is very convenient to get to, and when they finish revamping the subway station, things are going to look and feel very", September 2013
26,3.0,LOW BUDGET MALL,"A tacky place. Feels like a fish market but with cloth. Really cheap prices in low end ""designer"" clothing. Don't expect to find a 1k dollars wath in this mall. Scketchi.", December 2012
27,5.0,A Real Mall,I am a huge fan of D-Cube city.  I always enjoy spending a day shopping here.  It has a lot of shops and you are sure to find what you are looking for.  There is also Pororo land which is a huge hit with the kids.  There is something for everyone here~~, November 2012
28,4.0,Retail Therapy,"This is a very complete mall with all of the major chains, a floor with many attractions for the children and most of the major shops.  It would be better if it had an electronics store as well.", August 2012
