,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,A highlight!,One of my favourite places in the gallery/museum district (or so I call it). Interesting and well curated shows. The production standards of the exhibits are excellent. The accompanying museum store has well made and well priced merchandise.  A Must visit for anyone in Seoul., September 2018
1,5.0,Sunday Live,"격주마다 진행되는 Sunday Live 프로그램이 매우 인상적이었습니다. 저렴한 가격에 좋은 공연을 볼수 있기도 하고, 전시 자체도 독특해서 관람해볼만합니다.  Must visit place if you love K-indie music and unique art.", October 2018
2,4.0,Small & interesting,"I visited an exhibition of paper art. Small museum, but very interesting! Warmly recommended. W6000 fee.  Don't miss the lovely ""Cafe & Concept Store"" at our right hand as you exit the museum (not the ""Art Cafe Space"" on the left hand, next to the tickets office).", May 2018
3,5.0,Daelim Museum,"Small but very nice museum. I visited paper art exhibition. It is wonderful. Museum staff is also very nice, polite and friendly. Museum also has a very nice cafe. I celebrate Daelim for founding such nice museum.", March 2018
4,4.0,A small but nice museum,"My wife and I saw a paper art exhibition which was nice. Thankfully we got our tickets online (₩4,500) or else we would have waited in line for 30 minutes for a museum that takes a maximum of 1 hour to get through. The normal admission is ₩6,000. There are a couple of nice cafes", March 2018
5,4.0,Small museum for contemporary art exhibitions,Very nice little museum dedicated to changing contemporary art exhibitions. The location allows for further exploration of the charming Seochong area with its little cafes and historic residents of poets and artists., May 2017
6,5.0,Nick Knight!,"WOW! I was totally blown away by the Nick Knight exhibition!  This is my first time visiting Daelim, but we were impressed. We also went to their ""sister-museum"" that had the ""Youth"" exhibition, which was also fab! Both museums are worth checking out!", March 2017
7,5.0,Great design/art exhibitions,I loved the energy of the exhibitions at Daelim Museum in Seoul Korea. It is one of those spaces that are not great but show great things, October 2015
8,5.0,Fascinating and Creative Museum,"A presentation of Thomas Hatherwick's workspace on display along with explanations in English. The breadth and depth of this designer's work is enormous, bridges, buildings etc. We're worth a visit.", September 2016
9,5.0,Intimate museum with great atmosphere,"You're experience may vary depending on the exhibition on offer at the time but with regards to the facility itself, they were great. Staff were very helpful.  One tip: definitely wait for a docent to give you a tour of the exhibit as they really help to point out features you", February 2016
10,5.0,"Small, intimate amazing museum.",Visited during a fashion/art exhibit.  Small museum but incredibly cool with an energy that is not to be missed.  Very eloquent tour guides with great knowledge of the exhibit.  They also seemed to love their work and it showed. Lots of employees so many people to ask questions, October 2015
11,5.0,Nice museum with lovely ambience,"I visited Daelim Museum in the end of April 2015. In fact, I came to Seoul for two things: to watch Paul McCartney's concert and to see the Linda McCartney Retrospective Photo Exhibition at Daelim Museum. The museum is not that large but it's very homey. The exhibition takes 3", April 2015
