 a small palace compared to that of gyeongbukgung and changdeokgung. this palace is perfect for those who wanted to visit one but do not have much time. the palace allows visitors to understand the ancient korean culture. there is a change of guard ceremony at fixed timings here. i've been here a few times over the years and it never disappoints.   i love the fact that it has a changing of the guard ceremony (3 times a day i think) and other stuff going on too.   once inside though it feels like a different world with a park like ambience plus a mixture this is a much smaller palace as compared to the grand gyeongbokgung palace and is in the heart of the city. we landed there just in time for the changing of the guards ceremony which is again not as elaborate as the one at gyeongbokgung but is still nice. (you can watch the deoksugung is right at city hall station. i went there to see the city wall, the external wall of deoksugung. this time i went inside the palace, as there were lovely maple trees showing beautiful autumn colours. happened to see also the show performed by the palace guards. deoksugung is the only palace open at night and the way it is all lit up is both beautiful and atmospheric. there was a children's concert going on when we visited which we stopped to listen to. have to go at the right time to see the changing of the guards in front gates. they let you take pictures with them afterwards.its free and it was really cheap to go into the gardens after if you wanted but we did not go in. i really liked this palace. not as well known as the others but deserves two visits. first, the afternoon changing of the guards is fun to watch and you can stand right next to the guards. second, this palace stays open at night and makes for some great pictures with the lights but pretty small. with the audio guide no need to spend more then an hour. part of the palace pass, which contains five palaces. come early to see the changing of the guards, but dont enticipate something "european"  adjacent city hall is deoksugung temple grounds which is down the road from the main palace. outside this temple you can find the royal guards performing their change over ceremonies and other cultural displays. once you get inside you will find that this temple ground is larger good display of the changing of the guard on the outside of the palace gates between 10:00-14:00. you don’t need a ticket to watch it from the street. lasts about 15 minutes with photo opportunities with the actors after the show is over. worth the trip to see the traditional 1. closed on mondays  2. get the royal palace pass (entry to multiple museums - including the secret garden); less queuing, saving money and all sites are worth a visit  3. the actual review: we visited on a sunday and saw the changing of the guards - narrated in korean and interesting collection of traditional korean architecture (e.g., daehanmun gate, junghwajeon hall, etc), a fusion of korean and european architecture in jeonggwanheon hall, then more classical european in seokjojeon hall and the national museum of modern and contemporary art this palace opening hours are 9am to 9pm. i visited this palace just before 6pm, initially hoping to stay until dark to capture the compound with its lightings. however, the palace is rather small, with only 6 buildings in total. as such, i spent only an hour here and left, not i went there after being rather unhappy with a museum visit. this place saved the day as it was a wonderful way to learn about more recent korean history and understand how things moved there. the mixture of old traditional style korean architecture with what came to be more the palace, directly across the street from the seoul city hall and easily accessible using exit 2 from the metro city hall stop, is worth a 2 to 3 hour visit -- especially if one is a senior (65+) for which it is free of charge. the well preserved buildings interesting, as is we didn’t go inside the palace but watched the lavish and dramatic changing of the guards at 3:30 (i think the other times are 12 and 2pm but check that if going).  we get lucky enough to try on free hanbok costumes to experience the change of the guards and pose with the guards famous for its stone wall road and located at seoul's busiest downtown intersection. you can watch the changing of guards ceremony here and don't forget to try walking on th4 stonewall walkway path. ...gyeongbokgung palace which i thought to be rather bleak (maybe stark). then again maybe it was because i was on a tour there, and here  i was on my own.  changing of the guard ceremony seemed more intimate here with everyone invited to take pictures with the guards.  i liked this was our first ‘self’ tour of the deoksugung palace. interestingly the entrance fee was waived for the next few days, we got lucky. we also witnessed a demonstration right outside the palace. lots of korean and us flags.   the palace ground is quite bare and brownish, i we went deoksugung palace to see the changing guard ceremony at 11am ( only 15min ). first we went to the hanbok counter to get the free hanbok. we can choose the hanbok and we can wear it for photo around the gate for 10min. we took many pictures with the free hanbok. it´s a very nice place to visit. this one is definitely definitely recommended to visit. the emperor gojong lived there when he’s old and passed away at that exact building this palace is very easy to get to from the seoul metro.  changing of the guard is scheduled several times a day.  the guards pose with the tourists after the ceremony. open and main building are lit at night.  grounds have beautiful trees and walking paths. make sure to include this in your itinerary. walking through the palace corridors, absorbing the rich history and imagining being there as well. this place is huge and take your own time in exploring these palace grounds. good for a leisurely walk. it has many palace buildings and a beautiful garden. the palace ground is huge where the palaces of each dynasty are spread over the whole area with the rock walls. interesting history of the palace and also the nice change-of-guards ceremony at the main gate. good place to visit if one goes for a walking tour with city hall, arts this palace and the surrounding grounds are much smaller than the nearby gyeongbokgung palace but it is still worth a visit if you have an hour or so to spare. we arrived just as the changing of the guard ceremony was starting (11am) which takes place just in front of the main since this is the only seoul palace you can see illuminated at night, we walked through the seoullo sky garden on both ends (blue lights come on) and then over to this palace nearby.  it was beautiful to behold at night. this was the first temple we visited in seoul and really enjoyed it. it's a pleasant place to explore and its quiet, given it's located in the centre of the city. the architecture is lovely and tranquil. do try and come both by day and night as its wonderul when lit up too. well i think i might’ve missed the event. i only saw two guards at the gate and they look quiteordered. enjoyed the visit and it’s nice grounds is that it’s under construction at the moment. pretty buildings and peaceful a walk around the old and new buildings of this palace is a perfect escape of the city as well as an education on architecture and art.   please note it is closed on monday and tuesdays. small place which only takes half an our or so to walk around.  not much to see inside.  the main attraction is the changing of the guard ceremony.  it was excellent.  lots of interesting uniforms to look at and excellent drummers. deoksugung is a lot smaller than the other seoul palaces (gyeongbokgung, changdeokgung) but it's still worth visiting. it's much more quiet and offers a break from the city on a hot day. take you time and sit around for awhile, observing locals and enjoying the scenery. since we were fortunate to arrive just as one of the guard changing events was happening at the gates. very colourful though take the authenticity with a pinch of salt - one of the 'guards' with moustache and pointy beard was definitely a woman inside it is a delight though not the palace is not as big as the rest of the other palace around seoul but the highlight is the royal guard changing ceremony that is showcase to tourist every day except monday at 2 different timing (10am and 1pm). one can even take pictures with the guards when the tour deoksugung palace is very interesting palace for me. beside the location that in the middle of the city and just next to city hall. the palace was very easy to reach. this palace also smaller than the other two i've been visited. but its nice to started your palace tour with this grounds of this palace are much smaller than most of the others in the city.  entrance is only 1000kr, however despite the bargain price this place is relatively empty.  this allows you to stroll the grounds and take numerous photos without the hoards of tourists, which you the ticket is only kr₩ 1000! you will find a traditional atmosphere there. although it is not as big as other palaces, you still can enjoy! there is a museum also inside the palace but we didn’t enter. the unique accent in this palace is a blend between traditional and modern deoksugung is a small palace near seoul city hall. everything is compact, but perfectly conserved. if you don’t have enough time to go other palaces, to visit this one is recommend. it takes about one hour and the entrance is free. the location is very convenient.  this palace is far less tacky than the other palaces in seoul, where a large proportion of attendees dress in hangbok - traditional clothing for the art of selfie!  the buildings are well kept and there has been replicas of thrones put in place to make the complex look more this palace is one of an attraction that happen in the central of seoul city. you can easily find this place by simple asking people or just follow google maps. it was a nice to get an experienced about old time of south korea that long time ago has a massive and great kingdom we visited it just before sunset, it was our only palace to visit at night, different view and colours at night. we are unaware if you can visit other palaces at night. we would skip it if they do not open the door at night and illuminate the palace. deoksugung, one of the five palaces of the joseon dynasty. this is a very small palace. however, the last king of korea had a sad history as a place where he actually lived. the last king of korea was the first korean to drink coffee. i can see where he drank coffee. a unique palace on its own, deoksugung palace shows us a glimpse of how the old and new could co-exist together. entry free is only 1000krw, however you could purchase the combination ticket at 10000 krw (if you plan to visit all the palaces including jongmyo shrine) as it will it was sunday, a quick explore to seoul cityhall area landed us at this palace. we had a free english tour by youth professionals offering a good explanation of the palace. only available on weekends. look out for them dressed in orange. part of your combination ticket, this palace is similar to the others (closed mondays). dunkin' donuts is next door if you are cold and need a coffee to warm up. this is one of my favorite palaces in seoul. i like that the palace is surrounded by modern buildings. it’s like a little part of history in the city. the changing of the guard ceremony is really cool too.  very nice and historical temple. many things to see and nice areas to just walk around in. definitely a must when you visit seoul.  another majestic palace in the middle of the bustling seoul.  these palaces are close to each other and it's all worth seeing! a small palace that is open until 9pm and has a stone wall with scenic ginko trees during fall season and a weekend market. it is set within walking distance from myeongdong and has its 3:30pm changing of the guards that is quite unique and charming. they also provide english this palace is perfect from some history lover. you can see traditional palace and some western style building here. you also can see some royal guard changing ceremony. i forgot the detail but i see this ceremony on sunday around 2 or 3 pm. you can also took a picture with the long queues .booking would be recommended. we were in the queue for over half an hour and it not protected from the weather.palace interesting but the highlight is the changing of the guard, which is worth watching.the palace is well maintained, and many young koreans tend to the exchange of guards are extended up to the external side streets of the palace.  you can also enjoy the view from the top of the building (across deoksugung) on weekends.   how to get to deoksugung palace (덕수궁) address: 99, sejong-daero, jung-gu, seoul  서울 중구 세종대로 99 after my 16 hour flight and few hours sleep walking through a new city can be quite daunting but this was the best place i could have ended up the palace and buildings were lovely and there wasn't too many people. i was also there for the guards show which was also very the changing of the guards ceremony was quite elaborate and more detailed than that of the larger gyeongbokgung palace.  unfortunately, the viewing area was smaller so it was hard to enjoy all the pageantry, drills and musical instruments.  the grounds of this palace are had the opportunity to witness the change of guard. steep in tradition, the colours were just beautiful to watch. the palace was beautifully built, location was super convenient. a beautiful experience in seoul. this palace was very near our hotel and close to city hall which is one of the most active places on weekends.  we strolled the grounds which, while not as impressive as those at other palaces, were pleasant.  the changing of the guards is colorful and impressive and is worth the regular changing of the guards ceremony is worth seeing, with an english language commentary. a very convenient location just across the road from seoul city hall (and the city hall itself is worth visiting, the basement had an archeological display). as for the many temples although i unfortunately missed the changing of the guard, it gave me the opportunity to visit this place at night where everything is beautifully lit. there was some music and a (traditional?) play was conducted. ununderstandable for me, but fascinating nevertheless. located at the corner of seoul's busiest downtown intersection, deoksugung palace is famous for its elegant stone wall road. it is also the only palace that sits along side a series of western style buildings that add to the uniqueness of the surrounding scenery. the changing of we visited many similar palaces all over the city where there were hundreds of people rushing about.  this palace was different because it is smaller, less visited, and peaceful.  a great place to visit in the evening.  trees were blooming as well.  very cheap to enter at krw stayed for a few days in the plaza hotel which is just in front deoksugung and was curious to know what is inside  entrance fee is quite affordable and you get a decent guide for the different buildings, however personally i enjoyed much more relaxing under the shadow of the the palace was not too large, in compared with gyeongbukgung or changdeokgung, but it was easier to find as it was right out city hall station and opposite the city hall of seoul. half of the palace was as traditional as other palaces in korea, but the other half was totally it's one of those smaller palaces but nice to visit and get your photo-ops. go buy the palace all-in ticket at kw10000. it's worth it!  this palace is a definite to see if in the area. the compound is relatively small so you would only need to spend an hour or two here. pretty gardens and nice quite spot in the heart of seoul. this is a relatively small park and i will recommend coming here during the change of guard for photo opportunity.  apart from that, it is a nice and relaxing place to take a stroll in the area and view both traditional and modern architecture within a single location. another one of the great seoul palaces filled with grand colourful structures. if you have seen the others and pushed for time you could skip this albeit on a smaller scale. however the guided tour was informative and made the visit interesting.  thanks for the vote if you found two reasons to visit deoksugung palace - it's centrally located next to city hall right in the middle of the city, and it's less crowded compared to its bigger and more illustrious siblings. if you only have 1 hour to spare and would like to experience a joseon dynasty palace, i actually tell visitors to visit deoksugung instead of kyeongbokgung many times. if you want to see a palace, this is a good starter palace to see. you will not be walking in wall to wall bodies like at kyeongbokgung. you get way more bang for the won, so to speak.  i was not quite as impressive as the forbidden city but nevertheless a nice green spot to visit for about $1. went to this palace as part of a half day tour. really quaint and pretty   beautiful structures with colorful roofs. at 11 am they do a changing of the guards i likes this visit a lot. but don't do a tour , read up on it and take your time. the grounds are beautiful.  we stopped by to see the elaborate changing of the guard ceremony and have a tip.  view from the street side of the roped square for best pictures without commercial store or kiosks in the background.  you will also be able to get a better shot of the drummer and get in the deoksugung palace is one of the five grand palaces built by the kings of the joseon dynasty. this palace is smaller than for instance changdeokgung palace or gyeongbok palace, but really worth a visit. entrance tickets are really cheap and the buildings on the palace grounds are last palace i visit when i in south korea and this palace near from seoul city hall you just need cross the street to go to seoul city hall this place is spotlessly clean, full of history, great palace and grounds. takes a good 2 hours to do this properly. great to see the changing of the guard and they are photo friendly, the cherry blossom was out.  had a coffee at a nice place inside.  well worth the walk. this was our first korean palace experience. we enjoyed walking around the grounds. we went on a sunday afternoon and it wasn't very busy. i recommend adding this to your itinerary. entrance fee is small and it's a great way to spend an hour or two.  one of the palace in seoul. located in city hall. they have a changing of guard ceremony every day. entrance fee is 1000 krw. i would do gyeongbokgung palace and changdeokgung palace first. if you are then still keen on yet another palace, deoksugung is a good choice. much smaller than the other palaces, it is rather more intimate and there are less tourists. also, it has not been rebuilt so the this is one of the most interesting palace i have visited. history of it is good but the traditional and modern buildings within deoksugung is more interesting. it shows how south korea slowly learning from the western culture. interesting place!  i stayed in the plaza hotel so it is very easy for me to reach this palace. the buildings are well preserved and incredibly beautiful, exactly like what you see on the dramas or movies. definitely clean and tidy in every corner of the complex. too bad i only spent less than 1 as i have done most of the palaces, this one didn't have anything special, no must see factor until i went round the historical museum. this was the tick in the box for this palace. the w1000 also includes the museum, and if you want to walk round head over as soon as you arrive being the "smallest one" among the four palaces i got to in seoul (not sure how it compares in size with gyeonghuigung which is the only one that i didn't get to among seoul's five palaces), this is not a palace like gyeongbokgung which is kind of "a world of its own" with its recommended for families and couples who do not like shopping. great place to learn about korea culture and history while taking in the scenic views. a nice architecture and you can also experience the guard changing ceremony here. however there are certain timing of when this ceremony will take place so you will need to do a bit of research. (went for 11am ceremony). to go here, take subway to city hall (line 1 or 2) exit 2. a very small palace but the royal guard changing ceremony is good. it's the only palace that has both korean and western buildings. same as gyeongbokgung  if u wants to watch the guard changing ceremony the time will clash with the guided tour so can only choose one.  i happened to go on the perfect day. i got there right when the changing of the guard was happening (happens at 11:00am, 2pm, and 3:00pm). and it was free for everyone that day (normal admission is ₩3,000). the national museum of modern and contemporary art, deoksugung  is free came to visit deoksugung palace as well as to witness the changing of guards ceremony, which was done thrice a day at 11am, 2pm and 330pm. entrance ticket is attractively priced at 1k₩ for adult and 500₩ for child.   the changing of guards ceremony is very spectacular. however, this palace is across the street from city hall.  it is not as large as the other palaces but has the changing of the guard ceremony which is very interesting and if you make special reservations you can tour the european buildings from the early 1900's which is unique here.   seoul has many of them, this one is right next to the city hall, fee is less then a 1 euro, and you get a free 40 minute english guided tour, very nice.  with guide is better, they has as well the change of the guard, which is interesting. inside is as well a museam which has a we visited this beautiful place by night on our way back to our hotel. it has a palace with a central court, a bell building and a fountain. it is one of those that has been destroyed during the japanese colonization and currently only a third of the original building is left, ok, i admit it - i was a lucky one.  but first, some background.  outside the main gate, at certain times you'll have to look up, they have a stand for individuals to dress in traditional outfits and take photos.  this is timed to coincide with the changing of the guard its strongly recommended to buy combined ticket for all the palaces (5) - 10 000 w and try the guided tour. its free, all guides speak fluent english and explain all that you can see. palace seems similar to other ones so its really useful to have a guided tour which explain all i choose to see the changing guard ceremony in smaller palace because less people than in bigger palace like gyeongbokgung palace and it's more comfortable for me since travelling with a baby. it was more than i expected. the ceremony was great. i can watch whole ceremony besides the palace, you can also visit its garden, fountain and modern homes. the changing of the royal guards is a must-see. different to other palaces - many different style/age buildings, and the national museum of modern and contemporary art is up the back. the grounds themselves are beautiful, well worth an afternoon stroll and rest from the hectic pace of the city. deoksugung was strikingly more modernized with foreign embassies. it also has a guard changing ceremony 3 times a day. it's close distance to city hall makes it easy to drop by to visit. i had the combination ticket to all 4 palaces so i came by to visit this one as well. there