 this is probably one of my most favorite palace in seoul, definitely in the top three. it seems like it lies in the center of seoul the way it is positioned surrounded by modern architecture of seoul, hotels, restaurants, the city hall and other important buildings. it’s so easy there is a common believe that most south korean temples look pretty much alike and that is an undeniable truth. nonetheless there is a hidden differential beauty on each one of them. here at this temple we could appreciate the differences.  this palace also has a lot of dynamic i visited 2 palaces (deoksugung & gyeongbokgung) during my visit to seoul last month. 'though deoksugung is not as big as gyeongbokgung, but deoksugung is quite unique compare to gyeongbokgung. you can find both joseon dynasty & western influences in this palace, something that why pay for tour guides when you can hop on and off the subway and visit so many places in seoul?  this is yet another great place to mark on your tour and enjoy your photos for years to come.  a well maintained palace in the modern city. it is smaller than gyeongbokgong and changdeokgung. beautiful scenery! this was the last of four palaces that we visited while in seoul and the guide was the best we had experienced.  it was a smaller palace in comparison to some of the others, but the information regarding buildings, customs and structures carries across them all.  unfortunately a smaller palace in the middle of town. well worth a visit especially if you take the (free) guided tour (about 50 minutes). time your visit to see the changing of the guard which is quite entertaining. what a beautiful palace to visit at night. we stayed 5 minutes walk from the palace and was reading about the palace being open during the evenings.   definitely highly recommend an evening visit. it had a romantic atmosphere and was lovely to visit as a couple.   entrance is visited during a day trip. it was very cold but the day went well as the palace is easy to navigate, and you can listed to the tour in english as well as have an english tour book.  deoksugung is one of the 5 royal palaces in seoul. it is covered by the royal palace pass, but entry is only 1000kw. it is a small palace compared to the other main palaces, but i think one of the nicer and more interesting. the architecture reflects a blend of korean with this palace is a lot smaller compared to the others. easily walked through the entire grounds within 30minutes. the changing of guards is not to be missed. the audio guide can be rented at the entrance. a high school student called esther who is my volunteer guide made the trip perfect. she was able to explain about the different buildings, meaning of motifs and emblems, and story of the princess. weather is very good in june with sun and nice temperature. just in time to catch we went to deoksugung. we were very lucky to be escorted by a volunteer guide. he was 16 years old and spoke good english. he took us through the various buildings of the palace and gave us a detailed explanation of the uses of the buildings and the history. this place was not the changing of the guard ceremony takes place outside of the palace grounds in a small courtyard next to the sidewalk. you are very close to all of the participants who are in very colorful costumes.  great for photos! the park like setting inside the gate is very peaceful. the ground was not as big as changdeokgung palace but it was one of our most enjoyable places visited in seoul mainly because we were given free guided tour and we were also allowed free use of hanbok, the traditional south korean dress. after the royal guard changing ceremony, the scheduled changing of the guards was cancelled due to fine dust warning issued by the government.  but the whole palace itself is a good attraction to visit. it was a strange feeling because it was deoksugung which had come decades ago.  after the emperor gojong was abandoned by the pressure of japan in the palace history guidbook, he lived here and was called deoksugung palace. the name of the palace is not pleasant. however, we was standing in the middle of one of the busiest city junctions, a visit to this place can be clubbed with that of city hall. this palace is considered one among the five grand palaces of joseon dynasty. located near the city hall metro station, this palace complex houses a very i seriously fell in love with the palaces in seoul. this one is definitely definitely recommended to visit. the only palace where you can observe the king’s throne closely. even though it’s pretty small compared to other palaces, it’s still beautiful. one of the building isn’t we went to see the changing of guards at 11 am. very interesting ceremony, a loud english voice explains what is happening and afterwards pictures can be taken with the guards. kids loved it too (6&4 yo); good to go 10-15 min before start to get a spot at the ropes.  the palace deoksugung is the only palace in seoul where you can experience being a royal palace chief gatekeeper and take an active part in the changing of royal guards ceremony (not just as a spectator).   unlike other palaces, you can also enter the palace grounds at night to enjoy a this is probably the smallest palace in seoul. but what you go there for is the changing of the royal guard ceremony. it happens right outside the gate so it's free. the ceremony takes place every 11am,  2pm, and 3:30pm. be there 10-15 minutes before so you can get a good spot i was walking by so i stopped in. nice buildings and grounds and a very low entry fee. i was fortunate to see the changing of the guard on my exit. beautiful in fall, if you go to city hall definitely go here! changing of the guard is also very good to watch and they let you take pictures with them :) for a small area the site has a surprisingly large number of interesting building to visit and at night they are beautifully lit. we had a private tour of this site and it was amazing. beautiful buildings and gardens. the art gallery was the highlight with historical and modern korean art on display. nice to see original korean artworks. something is different here ! the architecture style first, there is 2 building were build on european touch  and there is one beautiful museum ! on extra fees of course second thing, the guard ceremony superb ! on morning it s around 11 am ! don’t miss it  although smaller than the other palaces this place is packed with charm. the changing of the guards happens a few times in the day (i went at 11) and they allow photos up close with them at the end of the ceremony.  buy yourself a 10,000 combo ticket to let you into all the deoksungung palace is a must to visit if you come to seoul. read little bit of history about the place that it will be easy for you to understand the details when you visit. wear comfortable dress and shoes that you will need to walk around comfortably.you can enjoy the change located at the intersection of seoul's busiest city center. this is the only palace surrounded by western-style buildings that add to the uniqueness of the scenery. it is the smallest of the five royal palaces in korea. the palace building is a blend of korean culture and [more food and travel experience on my instagram @oppakuliner] had a very good time here, so i went here before the palace opens for public. and when they're open, there's a ritual in the front of palace from a guardian of palace. and it was cool ! the inside of palace also peaceful palace and nice scenery just at city hall station. take a walk to rest your eyes from all the commercial signs. the palace still in good shape, probably was rebuild just like other palace. if you looking for unique photos, consider the external wall surrounding the deoksugung palace is a very unique place to visit for me. on one hand you have a great historical site and just beyond the walls of the palace is the ultra-modern seoul city hall and large hotels towering into the sky. the palace itself is a blend of traditional and modern this is a very unique palace to visit because you see many types of palaces in one place. i recommend it to everyone!  the deoksugung palace was the home of the king of the joseon dynasty and was used as a residence of emperor sunjung right up until his death in 1919.   the imperial buildings have been restored to their former glory and gardens that are well maintained. guided tours are also i have visited in the past and enjoy the colorful changing of the guard ceremony.  please see my review from 2012, my first visit, for exact directions and location of deoksugung palace.  all renovations now completed inside.  our visit this time, all changing of the guard we managed to secure tickets for the secret garden in deoksugung on our first day in seoul and all other days for our seoul trip was sold out. while the weather forecast was not good, we proceeded on to visit this palace and its garden.  of course, it would be a much better of the five palaces in the heart of seoul, the deoksugung is probably the most interesting, even if it's the smallest site. but come at night. it's open until 9:00pm and looks particularly interesting once it's floodlit under the night sky. some of the pavilion's are actually we took the subway here and exited at city hall station. it was a smaller palace complex but nice nevertheless. we came around lunch time and were fortunate to be able to witness the changing of guards ceremony here. it was a very colourful affair. entrance was krw 1000 which we it was very surreal for me to be walking along the same paths as many kings in the past. the buildings are truly impressive and certainly worth your time. a ticket to get in was 1,000 won, or a little less than a dollar. soooo glad i came here! we didn't go in with the intent of doing a tour, but checked the times when we entered and figured we'd hit up the cafe/souvenir for some hot citron tea before wondering before the tour started.  it ended up being just the two of us for the english tour. the knowledge imparted korea is rich in its history, this is just one of the many palaces to visit. the recent goblin drama was flimed outside the walls of this palace too :) we visited this palace during a bright sunny day.  encountered some outdoor traditional korean entertainment during our visit.  it was a great experience!  on the good side of this visit is that the entrance fee is waived for foreigners and we could go back as many times as we this place is an absolute must when in seoul. the walk in the park is refreshing and some of the temples/palaces are dating back two centuries ago. there are also some newer building that have been added in recent times. deoksugung palace is a relatively modern royal palace closely associated with king gojong under oppression by japanese rulers. the palace has classy buildings and ground as well as wooded areas. although this palace is not as popular with foreign tourists as changdeokgung palace it was the first palace we went to and it didn't disappoint. we got lucky to go around 11am to witness the changing of the guards ceremony. inside the palace is windy so it's relaxing to walk even if it's so hot in the afternoon. we went there in the 2nd week of june, it's this is smaller palace compared to gyeongbokung, but thats the reason why it has some additional coziness and charm. entrance ticket cost is almost nothing, so do not overlook this palace. the "new palace" is closed to the public but one can sign in advance and then entry is another beautiful palace where we happen to came across a reenactment of a korean coronation ceremony. the grounds are very pretty too. deoksugung has a different character compared to the other well-known korean palaces like gyeongbukgung or changdeokgung. for me, this is mostly because of the mix of eastern buildings next to western buildings which are greatly influenced by neoclassical architectural styles. we really enjoyed the free one hour drumming performance, and we're lucky to catch the end of the changing of the guard, which happened around 11.30. i decided to visit this palace quite last minute and was impressed by the architecture inside it (east meets west). the change of guard ceremony was a lot more impressive than the one at gyeongbokgung palace. don't miss it! this was a lovely, well maintained palace & grounds. you can easily spend a couple of hours walking around, looking at the different buildings as the grounds are large. very serene and peaceful even though it's in the city centre. i went early in the morning and avoided the nice collection of palaces, both ancient and modern, eastern and western. quite small compared to other palaces, but well worth visiting as so unique, making great photographic  juxtapositions. if visiting on the weekend, go up to jeonddong observatory beforehand so as to get a the only opened palace when we were there. you can see the difference between the old and new korea when you are in this place.  this palace is downtown across from city hall.  they have a changing of the guard twice a day...don't miss it while this palace doesn't have the sprawling grounds of some of the others - it is stunning. the lawns are so well-manicured, and the mixture of the architecture styles is quite interesting to see. some of the more "european" style buildings were constructed on the palace the palace is situated near the city hall metro station with some historical buildings and colourful trees. the parade of royal guards is held 3 times per day at the main entrance of the palace. we had an enjoyable time visiting this palace. amazing temple. great location in city hall. entrance is 1,000 krw. tours in english available. good for pictures subject: deoksugung location: seoul, south korea, asia title: deoksugung palace - a snapshot into south korea's history id#: 443966790  a tour of this palace is a must. the english tour guide was knowledgeable, enthused and provided an overview in a manner that encouraged i'm grateful that i visited this place during the spring season and witness the cherry blossom trees. it is also nice to watch the royal guard-changing ceremony in this palace. staying right next door (the plaza), i have no excuse not to visit this palace. in fact, it is the first palace i visited in seoul. i deliberately waited to write this after visiting others. to me, this is the most quaint. it was the last day of autumn & i joined the morning nice place full of autumn colours. 1000 won for a good walk in the palace.  not as big as the gyeongbukgong palace so the walk is not as tiring.  the palace is located right in the heart of seoul. it is a nice respite from the busy urban area. be sure and attend one of the changing of the guard ceremonies. the living quarters of korea's first and last but one emperor, who enjoyed coffee. it's a charming place to visit, even if you're not interested in the history. if you love taking photos, it's a wonderful location. the trees are beautiful, and so many interesting details inside got some lovely photos of this palace. the buildings are beautiful and the grounds are lovely to stroll around. we spotted a couple taking their wedding photos in traditional garments. it's free to enter if you dress in traditional clothes too.  deoksugung palace is smaller than other palaces. but it attracted me more cause i could enjoy it with less people there. i was there when there's a ceremonial (not the guards changing)happened. it took place in front of the palace gate and they even had a parade on the street. go early and allow plenty of time, the grounds and buildings are beautiful and very peaceful.  just walk and feel the history.. the vibe is comforting, rich, and peaceful. this palace has a show of costumed korean guards in front of the gate.  fun. entering the gate is only a couple dollars. inside is  a very interesting and characteristic collection of ancient buildings (reconstructed), statues, an arbor and a  fountain.  walking on the grounds ...to combine history and modern art in a short excursion within the centre of seoul - palace buildings, quaint park and a branch of the mmca  we didn't end up visiting inside the palace as we arrived in time for the 2pm changing of the guard ceremony and discovered it was actually done out of the street. very colourful with pomp & ceremony. the drummer was a highlight, such a powerful swing! at the completion of the