 deoksugung  palace was used by the king when he was in exile during the japanese invasion of 1592. this was used as a king's residence until king gojong died in 1919.there is a mix of ancient and modern architecture. we visited to see the changing of the guard but it was dropped by here because it was on our way, and walked the grounds. a few beautiful nature corners and buildings are picture-worthy, as usual. otherwise, not much to see here, but if it's on your way it's worth stopping by. a combination of korean & western-styled palace which makes me opened up my eyes 👀  wonderful place to relax   arrived at this palace 15 minutes before the changing guard ceremony. what i can suggest, please pick a spot facing the gate as usually this side can get a first chance to take a pic with the guards and no crowd yet ;-)  one more thing, if you go inside the palace, for senior changing of the guards was interesting! like a short theatre production. interesting history and buildings. didn't stay long but unfortunately to walk around. probably would have leqrnedy more if we rented audio guides or took one of the scheduled free tours. i liked deoksugung the least of seoul's five grand palaces. that's because its myriad buildings present a mishmash of neoclassical western and traditional korean architectural styles. a palace since 1593, deoksugung took on a new look in the early 1900s when king gojong didnt go into the palace , but watched the changing of the guard at 11.00 hrs. nice to watch with commentary in korean, english and chinese and japanese. dont panic about trying to get a good close up picture of guards, at the end of the ceremony, the ropes come down and you can it’s smaller than gyeongbokgung, changdeokgung, and changgyeongung but still interesting. the location is near the seoul city hall. the most interesting things are the changing guard time and palace festival (usually around may or october). but for the other months, it’s not compared to the other palaces this one has little to offer. as there are just a few buildings where you can walk around and look less impressive compared to others.  we visited as we had a little time and were in the area. it is cheap to visit, but there isnt much to see compared to the other palaces. the changing of the guard ceremony is fun to watch and there is an explanation of what is happening in english. there is some information korea palace is all the same, you visited one and the rest is about the same, only the history is different. on a brief visit to seoul earlier this year we visited the deoksugung palace. it is a collection of buildings some dating back to the sixteenth century, that have survived wars and some dismantling by the japanese last century. some of the buildings seem to have been restored the backdrop with leaves etc was dramatic. but there really isn’t anything to see inside the structures and we could only appreciate from the outside. wish there was more. the changing of the guards was a nice bonus.  i plan to go to other palace, but our dinner dragged on until 2pm. this palace seems to be the only one still open (without reservation).  the lightning is not good enough so we weren’t able to truly appreciate the palace, but it’s a unique feeling strolling around the historic unless you cannot visit gyeongbokgung palace or changdeokgung palace, do not bother to visit here, as it is a very small palace. nothing special unless you have the time and walk with a guide.this was the last palace we have visited, maybe we had enough..... this palace is near city hall and costs w1000 to enter. it is closed on mondays.  there are free guided tours in english twice a day at 1030 & 1330.  the palace was the home of two kings, the first in the 16th-17th centuries and then again in the 19th-20th centuries.  the best this is a place with a very interesting history, but they have not made anything of it. it is some nice buildings and very little information. that's it. this is a smaller palace and area. very pretty if you want a smaller experience than gyeongbokdung palace. very convenient to the cbd area and a short walk from some of the major hotels.  lacks information and signage to give a feel for how the place looked in its prime and how the place was used.  odd collection of buildings of various ages, some in traditional style and some in there are many other palaces that are more with to visit i then this one. this one is nice but if only you have lots of time to kill in seoul. otherwise you can skip it. it cost 1000 won  nice temple although not the nicest in seole. i loved the arcitecture construction. around all places in the center of the city.  i'm not sure why it's listed as a separate attraction since it's part of the palace, one of many buildings in the palace. the buildings are replicas and are empty. the story we were given is that they are afraid that if they furnish the place, the furniture could be used as it's not expensive for the ticket and you can walk around, enjoy the old korean style palace. it took me just 20 minutes to see them all (as well as going to the toilet on the other side of the palace).  the admission: 1,000 won  the palace: originally built during the joseon period, one of the historic palace. it is situation between modern buildings, interesting to see the old and the new in the same place.   beautiful architecture, great for photo opportunity. there is also a this was the last of the palaces i visited on the combination ticket. and i think only the changing of the guard ceremony was good.  they have a few timings per day, so do check the schedule and watch it. quite worth the spectacle. we caught the 3:30pm one.  as we were early, we วันที่ไปถึง มีการแสดงขบวนทหารย้อนยุค ด้านใน ไม่กว้างขวางมากนัก แต่ก็มีสถาปัตยกรรมที่สวยงามโดดเด่นพอให้ได้ชม this palace is not quite great but has many beautiful architectural building. a visit to this palace gives the visitors a quick taste of the old times korea of what it would have been. this palace comes complete with a regular show of the changing of the guards out the front about three times a day. the guards are part of the show rather than actual the palace itself is not very impressive, but the change of the guard is something. it takes place outside the gate. well worth to see. nearby are other attractions like seoul city hall and the end of the cheonggyecheon stream. not far from the gyeongbokgung palace