,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Korean fashion heaven,One of the more popular place in Seoul to shop with a huge range of trendy clothes and accessories. The products are getting more expensive as compared to the previous years but we are still able to find some good bargains around. The huge malls consists of various small and, January 2020
1,4.0,Shop till you drop,This area have many shopping mall and very near eas other. We can shop many product here and price is afforable, January 2020
2,3.0,so many cheap items,there is 7 big shopping mall good morning city and apm shopping mall there are fake sweater and pants like supreme in apm and lots of souvenir item in goodmorning city, January 2020
3,5.0,Beads & crystal selection,"Wide range of beads, phone accessories and decorations for bags, phones can be found on 5th floor of building A & B. Prices are reasonable and you will be spoilt for choices. Allocate at least 3 to 4 hours here if you are into handicrafts. There's a food court at level 6 serving", December 2019
4,3.0,Dongdaemum Shopping Complex,This is a massive shopping complex. You can really tire yourself out going to all the different floors.  So many clothing and accessories stall.  You can find goods that is a lot more cheaper here than at the high end malls.  Cheaper does not equate to quality.  Still an, November 2019
5,3.0,Textile Complex,"It's a textile complex, all floors. One will go to for all textile material requirement.  Definitely, NO SOUVENIRS to find here (no trinkets, key chains, nail clippers, ref magnet).", December 2019
6,5.0,Shopping mode,I love Soul. I like shopping. I love Korean. One of the most interesting place for travelors. One of the most shopping center that I enjoy shopping there., November 2019
7,3.0,Average,"The area is strictly for shopping and you could bargain at the retail stores. The crowd was not as heavy since our last visit four years ago; due to on line shopping and less Chinese tourists. We visited couple of complexes, which on certain levels the numbers of shop employees", November 2019
8,3.0,"More like tour, not shopping","Dongdaemun shopping mall has really various shops and restaurants. But in my point of view, Dongdaemun Shopping mall is not that great place for shopping, cuz there are many low qualty products. Even though products are pretty cheap, there are not many nice souvenir products. I", September 2019
9,4.0,Must to visit at least one of the shopping centers,Must to visit at least one of the shopping centers and mostly the night ones that are unique experience! Try the most popular depending on your interests, September 2019
10,3.0,Pretty clothes but prices on the high side,"Most of the ladies clothes ranges 20000won to as high as 75000won in gd morn city, dongdaemun , apm place.   Don’t expect to have big bargains thou. Discounts mostly 5-10k won. Some nicer seller might allow alittle more discount. Orelse a blouse is 40-48k won.   Skirts 20k to", September 2019
11,3.0,Small shopping center,"End up here after visiting DDP in Seoul easy to reach by subway, multiple floors that make it feel like a macys but all are little independent shops, top floors plenty of restaurants and cafeterias, another floor with bowling and srcade the looked fun,  and a complete new", August 2019
12,4.0,Fifth floor for beads,"I finally had a free day in Seoul and was able to conclude my search for beads.  The fifth floor of the main shopping building is the place to go, as a number of older posts report.  The variety and quality of products is great, from good quality to crafting quality.  A number", February 2019
13,4.0,A lot of different complexes and a lot of stories,A nice area to buy a lot of clothing for your wife or girlfriend. A lot of different street food. Overall I spent about five hours there and the street food are fairly priced!, January 2019
14,3.0,Several floors of shops selling fabrics and related accessories,"This is one place where there are several floors of shops selling fabrics and related accessories. Unless you have in mind cloth or buttons, zippers, etc, you may want to give this place a miss or just pop in for a feel and quickly move on. ", December 2018
15,4.0,Fabric heaven,"I could happily have spent all day in the mall which sells fabrics. There is a fantastic range of all types of material, as well as haberdashery, bedding, soft furnishings, even rugs. If you love to sew this is the place to go.", October 2018
16,4.0,Shopping galore ,One of the numerous shopping areas in Seoul.  It was fun to explore Korean shops as well as the expected type of clothing stores.  You could spend a long time exploring., July 2018
17,5.0,Nice shopping place for Ladies!,"You will find lots of Malls in Dongdaemun, price would vary from very expensive to affordable. I saw lots of Sales Item as well. We went to watch Jurassic Movie in one of the Cinema as it is only coming to our Island this end of month.  ", July 2018
18,3.0,Several shopping centers,"Dongdaemun is a popular shopping and tourist destination where people go to because of the traditional markets and shopping centers. It has around 26 shopping malls over ten blocks, 30,000 specialty shops, and 50,000 manufacturers. The area is open for almost the whole day", April 2018
19,3.0,Just another market,I did not find anything great at this market but can be explored. The Hyundai city outlet and doota duty free near to the complex are also good options., May 2018
20,4.0,Several Shopping malls in Dongdaemun ,"Been here in year 2000 , this is my 2nd time , things have change so much since then . Hyundai shopping complex was new,Doota opens till 5am , Dongdaemun design plaza was futuristic, you need at least 1 whole day to shop . ", March 2018
21,4.0,very large shopping area,find your everything here ha3... a huge shopping area. lots of mall. spend whole day to enjoy each mall in upper floor of dotta mall theres a souvenir shops. at basement floor of dotta mall theres a reasonable price of food court, January 2018
22,4.0,Good Shopping Complexes,"Dongdaemun is a haven for shoppers! There are 4 shopping complexes - Doota, Migliore, AM/PM, Good Morning Complex. Doota is 8 floors of mid range stores. The other 3 shopping complexes comprises of numerous tiny stalls offering great bargains for clothes, shores and accessories.", December 2017
23,5.0,A crafter/sewist's heaven,"My ultimate favourite place for buying all sorts of beautiful fabric, charms and notions other than Nippori Fabric Town in Tokyo. Most shops are open by 10+am and take orders for collection at 1pm or 5pm. Many shops accept minimal orders of 1 yard though others don't. You can", November 2017
24,5.0,Many choices With Cheap and quality clothes and stores,"Complex contains many shopping centres or malls which have cheap goods as well as authentic goods made in Korea. It is a shopping haven for those on a budget as you can get many good clothes , bags , whatever you need by bargaining the prices . Definitely a must go if you plan", September 2017
25,5.0,I love markets,"this place is huge. if you love open markets go here. we did not spend time inside, we walked all around outside. there is some good food and great people watching.", June 2017
26,4.0,ideal for shopping clothes if you know where to look,"this is a big area consisted of buildings and shops.  i came here without doing much research beforehand so i didn't know where was the best place to shop for what i need.  however, i can tell this whole area will have everything you would need in the fashion business if you", June 2017
27,5.0,best area for shopping.,"located in the central. many shops, markets, malls, and whole sale market. very big area with all types of products specially clothes. there is also a night market. you need 1 full day to cover the area. must visit  place for shopaholic.", April 2017
28,4.0,Shopping haven!,We went to Dongdaemun to shop (as always) and we found out a lot of great deals in these place. most especially in clothing. great deal! very kind people also., April 2017
29,4.0,Bargain hunting,This place is for shopaholics who love bargain sales. We were able to buy a lot from this place and good quality products especially if it's made in Korea. We will visit this place when we go to Seoul again 😊😏👏, April 2017
30,3.0,Ok if you want to spend a few quid,Another shopping mall with luxury brands that will cost you an arm and a leg.  If your wife wants another expensive bag or you want an expensive bag then come here., July 2017
31,3.0,Another tourist spot.,Another overrated with tourists shopping place in Seoul. Not much of a big deal but you'll be more convenient to get all the skincare/cosmetic brands around. Good for shoppers. , April 2017
32,5.0,Tourist spot!,"Similar to the orchard road in Singapore, this one however opens till late at night and you are able to bargain for clothes. Some clothes are cheap. Many malls close to each other so you can go from cheap to expensive shops, then take the cab back if its too late", May 2017
33,4.0,Must for Tourist Shopping,I would suggest to tourist to come here for shopping. You can get everything at reasonable price (Korea costly than China). Make sure you do some negotiation here. This complex is open for late night. Also if you need branded things than Lotte store is just beside this complex., April 2017
34,4.0,Good night markets ,"I interested in night shopping there the place are full of tourist, the prices are not very cheap but you can find some bargains on clothes and accessories. Doota is luxury shopping center but there are multi stories shopping centers are cheaper. If you are shopaholic don't miss", April 2017
35,3.0,Not A Night Market,"First time go to South Korea - Seoul, i search first about Dongdaemun market and i expected it will be street market but the reality is not street market and just open until 09:00 PM (South Korea - Seoul Time). Maybe Should go there from morning or around 10:00 AM (South Korea -", April 2017
36,3.0,Shopping paradise,"This is the world's largest fabric and clothing material market. You can buy the latest fabrics in Korea. They also sell accessories, bedding and hanboks here. Many vendors selling similar products... so shop around and compare the price.", October 2016
37,4.0,Good bargain at Dongdaemun Shopping Complex,Good bargain at Dongdaemun Shopping Complex. The shops sells mostly clothing and accessories. Variety of goods with cheap price., February 2017
38,5.0,Dongdaemun,Huge shopping complex. People selling all kinds of things. Got a nice jacket for a good price. Would come back, January 2017
39,3.0,Shopping ,It a place filled shop selling materials for making clothes. It seems like it has all kinds of accessories too beside the cloth. You can find various types of bedding too , December 2016
40,5.0,Korean Designer Show,"I go to Doota Shopping complex, it's luxury shopping mall. You may check their latest Korean designer and also international brand inside that building, food court at basement and some small restaurant at 3rd and 4th floor, Don't worry, watches and cosmetics available at 4th and", December 2016
41,3.0,Just another shopping mall in Korea,"Nothing special about this place that sells winter clothings, sports accessories and street eatery. can found on other parts of Korea", December 2016
42,4.0,"Great prices, just not a lot of variety","There are a lot of shops that look similar or sell the same products:- - winter jackets (what else when you go in November) - winter fashion (a little mumsy fashion wise) - winter accessories - bags and luggage  Prices are good, and bargain-able.", November 2016
43,4.0,More shopping ,"My wife headed straight for this shopping centre as advised be one of her friends. Lots of shops selling what most trendy young women want. A must for the ladies and The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf on the second floor is a great place for the husbands to sit, relax, enjoy a drink and", November 2016
44,5.0,24/7 shopping area for shopaholic,It's so big awesome area to go shopping with many branches from worldwide branches to original Korean branches. Special that you can shopping over night too :) , October 2016
45,5.0,Great Place to Shop,This whole area is full with shopping malls that open until 3am. I must place for those who wants to shop. You can get local products as well all new k-pop style fashion., November 2016
46,5.0,Place to shop,"For you all who like to shop, this is one of the best place to do shopping. You can shop till midnight. You can also find store to buy souvenir and other korean things as gifts to bring home. You can also find so many many restaurants and street food in this area with reasonable", May 2016
47,2.0,Not worth it,"I found most of the shops in dongdaemun shopping area to be very disappointing. They were either very expensive, severe lack of choice for men's clothing and very cold reception from staff. Overall experience has been pretty piss poor really. Only saving grace is it's close to", October 2016
48,1.0,Overpriced Stores and Rude Sellers,"There are many places to shop in Seoul, coming to the shopping malls at Dongdaemun is the worst because everything is double or triple the price of other shops outside and the sellers are generally rude and always trying to rip their customers off as much as possible.  Your time", May 2016
49,3.0,24/7 shopping tho pricey,Definitely would be a shopaholics' heaven where you can go shopping whenever you feel like. However only for people who has a bit more in their piggy bank., July 2016
50,3.0,Korean Fashion ,"If you love Korean fashion, this is the place for you. However clothes can be slightly overpriced and at the wholesale market you may have to buy more than 2 pieces depending on what you're buying. ", May 2016
51,3.0,Sigh- another mall with expensive clothes,"Yes, it is huge and yes it is clean BUT...the stuff here are expensive. If you want to buy something cheap in Seoul - never shop in Dongdaemun- go elsewhere.", June 2016
52,2.0,Expensive and rude people,"Even coming from NYC, I consider the prices of the clothing to be ridiculously expensive. Even the most simplest shirts would cost $40. I could tell the fabric is not even high quality.   And in the small shops, some of the people are just straight up rude. Some of them glared", July 2016
53,4.0,Cool multi story shopping mall. ,"Finally a mall that has a floor for men..and is cool! I'm moving to Guam, so the clothes here wouldn't do me any help. Although I wish I could buy some..for its awesome.   I suggest to make sure to find something else to do around the area as well. It's cool and all but not that", June 2016
54,5.0,Very good for 24 hours. ,"Very good for 24 hours shopping.   Its specialty is clothings. It has many tall buildings for shopping. Night market also popular here.    DDP also providing good view of design.   Near by, there is Gwangjang Market.  Which is famous for Hanbok, beef tartare,  food of Gimbap, ", May 2016
55,4.0,Late night shopping for the true shopaholics,"There are so many things to do in Seoul : exploring the historical relics like palaces, temples , enjoying the various Korean cuisines, food marts , kimchi museum,.. Therefore,a typical efficient time-starved traveller would like to allocate the late nights to shopping.", May 2016
56,4.0,wholesale market for apparels,"we can buy all types apparels for all ages, innerwear, socks, speacial dresses etc., in whoesale price.", May 2016
57,3.0,A love hate shopping experience,"Its a shopholic paradise where there are more than 10 blocks of shopping complex, small shops, outlets including discount department store.  The only problem is its spread over a wide area.  Its advisable to bring a trolley bag if you plan to shop.  Items are cheaper than", April 2016
58,5.0,Cheap Cheap Cheap!,Dongdaemun shopping district is a bomb! (according to my wife) I had to drag her outta there in the end because if I didn't she was gonna buy the whole shopping center... she said their prices are unbelievably cheap compare to other shopping centers. If you like to be bumped, April 2016
59,3.0,wholesalers paradise,"This differentiate from all the other underground shopping alleys we have been. If you can't find anything you fancy underground, there is a building with many floors and endless aisles where only fabrics are sold, not the finished products. The choices would fill the spectrum", March 2016
60,5.0,Always Great Bargains in Dongdaemun,"When I lived in Korea, we shopped in Dongdaemun often.  It has changed quite a lot since the 70's & 80's, but still a great place to shop.", October 2015
61,4.0,Souvenir shop,You can buy some souvenir in dongdaemun..there is alot of choice for souvenir and clothing also. The price is cheap., April 2016
62,1.0,Got what we came to find after hours of searching,"Too much of a labyrinth and a crowded one at that. Came to buy luggage. Took a long time to find any.. hours actually. Instead found a house of buttons, a house of ahjumma clothes and a house with about 5 floors of fabric.. If you know the area or are visiting with a korean", April 2016
63,3.0,Stop and Shop,"After training, our group went to Dongdaemun Shopping Complex to check what it has to offer. Well, it is just an average mall where you can find local and international brands of clothing, footwear, etc. It is just an ordinary shopping mall, for me, where you can buy anything", March 2016
64,3.0,Haggling is allowed!,"I visited Dongdaemun with hopes of finding cheap clothes and souvenirs. While I was not able to find clothes that suit my taste, I was able to buy souvenir items for as low as 3000 won with a bit of haggling involved. If you're looking for hanboks, you'll find a lot of those", December 2015
65,5.0,Bargain-hunters Dream,"This is a bargain-hunters dream. You need stamina, cash, and a large shopping bag because almost anything you can imagine is sold in these markets. Brush up on your Korean for 'how much' and 'thank you' and enjoy the whole experience. Traders are not pushy and they are always", December 2015
66,3.0,It is a clothing mall mainly for wholesale,"Some of the shops in Dongdaemun Shopping Complex are for wholesale (or in bulk), it might be cheaper to buy from stalks in the street because if you buy only little from Dongdaemun Shopping Complex, the shop keeper might not even want to sell little and they don't necessarily", January 2016
67,2.0,Disappointed!,"I have visited Myeongdong, Dongdaemum & Namdaemun for my shopping in this trip & found Dongdaemum to be the most disappointing.   Maybe it's because I visited the place on a Sunday evening. Most of the shops are closed. Same goes to Pyeonghwa Market as well as the Dongdaemum", January 2016
68,4.0,Inexpensive Shopping Fun,I really enjoyed looking around this larger than ever fashion market area. Picked up some great shoes and boots for little cost. You have to find the treasures though. I found that there were very few tourists. Surprising because there is something there for everybody., November 2015
69,5.0,Massive shopping on a scale hard to imagine,"This is a key complex inside the huge Dongdaemun shopping region, which is block after block of every kind of product.  The small stores (often with actual raw goods to create products) are typically clustered together within a geography - such as lighting, plumbing, clothing,", October 2015
70,2.0,"Shops, shops and more shops",I personally don't really like this place as I find it abit too messy. But if you are looking for clothings and accessories can visit here. But for me I'll give it a skip if I'm back again., January 2016
71,4.0,Shop. SHOP. Shop,"Yeah this place is nuts. Perfect for ladies who need to get their shopping fix in. First time we visited, we were walking around and I was listening to their public announcement, 'Open until 5am.'  5am. Usually I'm on my way to work by then! Doota seems to be the more", December 2015
72,1.0,"Skip this place, visit Myeongdong instead.","DDM is really overhype. We should have read TripAdvisor reviews first before spending our night at this place.  There are a lot of shopping complex around DDM, but most of them sell similar things and is more expensive than Myeongdong, I wonder how they got their reputation of", December 2015
73,3.0,Totally Disappointed,"We first visited the Pyoung Hwa Clothing Market but most of the stalls were closed.  From those still opening for business, we knew that it was just a local low end shopping mall.  We thus turned to another side where there were many department stores.  Again, no surprises.", December 2015
74,3.0,Numerous departmental stores in one big area,"There are a number of departmental stores in this area, e.g. Lotte Fitin, Dooda, Migliore, Hello APM, Good Morning City, etc.  It will be quite impossible to cover all of them within a short period of time, unless you have a lot of time in hand.  We would normally choose 2 to 3", November 2015
75,1.0,Just another shopping mall strip. Total disappointment!,"First of all, we had this misconception that Dongdaemun is another street market. The area is very confusing. After several rounds of asking different people, and being told different timing of the business opening hours, we finally realised that Dongdaemun area is mainly made", November 2015
76,1.0,Big letdown,"Don't get confused,  Quantity does not mean either Quality or a good price. Lots of things to buy,  in fact an enormous amount of goods in a smallish area but at a largish price.  Comparing Thailand,  Malaysia,  Shenzen,  Vietnam,  this place is the most expensive by far. ", December 2015
77,2.0,Doota,"Products in Doota are not cheap at all, but the quality is good. Some salespeople are rude and not friendly to foreign tourists.", November 2015
78,3.0,insane shopping,Dongdaemun is a street in Seoul you must visit if you're planning on some crazy shopping. I read somewhere that after 10PM would be the best time to visit so that was the time I went. It was really overwhelming (especially since I just landed in Seoul at 6PM that day) and very, February 2015
79,4.0,This is beyond insanity - Hypershopping in Dongdaemun,"Tons of clothing goods for being delivered to China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and other places. This is the shopping paradise for Korean cheap clothing shoppers! Open from 10am to 6am next day... There is always people here. Not recommend for family trips, it's crowded and it is not", November 2015
80,4.0,"""Shop Til You Drop"" Redefined!","I went to this Dongdaemun Shopping Complex during my tour of Seoul, Korea and was faced with this three 6-storied buildings of mainly clothes shopping.  Each building caters to a different shopping class with the building to the far right (facing the buildings) the highest", November 2015
81,3.0,All Shops the same,"Talk about mall overload.  Malls as the eye can see.  Its just ridonkulous.  But if you are into shopping, this is a cant miss place.  But after a few hours, everything seems to melt together and each shop seems to sell the same items.   ", October 2015
82,3.0,Crazy Shopping!!!,"Like its mentioned by other reviewers, I have same opinion, its not cheap at all. Size is another issue everything is UK size6/8/10. People from other parts of the world are not as lucky as locals here. They need to keep the up sizes as well for tourists. It’s like the whole", August 2015
83,4.0,One of the great shopping paradise in Seoul!,"it is one of the main shopping mall in Dongdaemun area which offers a lot of women clothing, although not cheap but offer big varieties and it is open til the morning so you can shop all night ! Girls - you will love it .   There is a nice cafe and restaurants inside the complex", October 2015
84,3.0,"One of many over-rated shopper's paradise within Seoul, crowded & busy, just OK","We had lunch in one of the many indoor mall's food court upstairs & then allocated time to do some (windows) shoppping - we picked the mall with ""least expensive"" goods and realized that we can find better quality goods in the US for 50% less, even after haggling the prices down", September 2015
85,3.0,Not cheap,A little disappointed. We didn't buy anything inside the mall. But manage to grab some stuff outside the mall. Skip this if u don't have a lot of time in Seoul., May 2015
86,4.0,Shopping heaven,"A lot of street stores and shopping complexes. If you are Ana vid shopper, you can spend most of your day here. There are also a lot of street food that you can try over here do try out their j cone ice cream and Oden. ", October 2015
87,4.0,Too many shops for a whole week straight!,Thousands of shops from simple market stalls to boutique fashion brands available.  The place almost never closes.  Put aside a lot of time and don't forget to haggle in the market style shops., October 2015
88,3.0,Several malls but pointless,"There is Doota, Lotte Fitin, 3 cheap malls (Miglori, Hello APM, and Good Morning City), and across the street, there is Maxtyle, and plenty of wholesale malls.   I only enjoyed visiting Doota and Lotte Fitin. These two provided nice quality clothing with affordable prices. In", September 2015
89,1.0,Overpriced and lots of haggling required,"If you do not like to haggle over overpriced clothes, AVOID this area at all cost. Not worth going at all. You get better prices for the same clothes without haggling at other shopping areas.   More for wholesale suppliers.", June 2015
90,4.0,not place for tourist,the building was huge and so many stuff and narrow.need nego every purchase. with small kids hard to travel.but for sure atractive place for young shopper!, August 2015
91,4.0,Shop til you Drop,"There are several buildings in this area. Each building consists of several levels with various goods to buy. If you have much time to spend here you can check up those buildings one by one, but if your time is just short then you can choose one and explore it. You can try", August 2015
92,4.0,Fashionable,"Clothes are very fashionable. I will go back just to buy the cool (however, a little expensive) clothes.  There's a souvenir shop at the 6th floor. The sales guy is cute and knows how to speak Filipino. 😆 The souvenirs are reasonable!  ", August 2015
93,3.0,Insanely big,"This place is so big it's easy to get confused. I found it very good if you are looking for clothes but not so great for souvenirs. It can become a madhouse with crowds but if you are into fashion, etc, this is a MUST DO", August 2015
94,4.0,Huge place,"We live walkin distance from Dondaemun so thought it was appropriate to write a quick review. Pretty easy to get around, just a lot of nooks and crannies to venture off into. Night time the place comes alive as a true multi-cultural experiance. Foriengners from all over the", August 2015
95,2.0,LIke a big Chinese market...,"You can find some cool Korean fashion here if you look, but 90% of this is cheap clothing shipped from Chinese factories, just like you will find in many of the markets in China that look like this.   Everywhere you can bargain, even if they say you can't bargain you can. Tell", August 2015
96,5.0,"The place for walking, looking and buying !","One more very important place for tourists and residents as well, is surely the Dongdaemun Shopping Complex.It is located along the one, rather, long portion of the Jongno Street (due to its width, it might be called the Jongno Boulevard or Avenue). Here we loved to go forth and", September 2014
97,5.0,This is heaven for shoppers,I have a great shopping time....don't miss it and beware of your own wallet....you will be hypnotize by your own wallet hahahahaaa, July 2015
98,3.0,Shop shop shop!,Come here and prepare a lot of money if you are into shopping. It's all about shopping here and there! I did have a great time here and got some nice sweaters since I came in winter!!, July 2015
99,2.0,Meh!,"I think Dongdaemun is overrated... The malls are floors and floors of rows and rows of nearly identical clothes. Now that I think about it, It's quite similar to Platinum mall in Bangkok. The clothes styles were not to my liking, the quality isn't great, and the prices aren't", April 2015
100,3.0,market for laces and materials,its a wholesale market for laces and textile raw materials. i saw some beautiful material made in korea and lot of stuff made in other countries but a wholesale market for it, April 2015
101,5.0,Love it,"For anyone that is shopaholic like me, this place is not to be missed. we were there off and on for 4 days and yet we couldnt finish all. Good tips do check out Dotta Food court. The food are pretty good and you get a nice view of the whole street.", July 2015
102,4.0,Doota,"Wasn't really able to explore the entire shopping complex due to lack of time, but I was able to check out Doota as it was close to Good Morning City. I don't remember whether I purchased anything here, but I did like going around for some window shopping.", October 2014
103,4.0,Great Shopping!,For the shopping enthusiast! Break out your walking shoes! Plan on going again when I visit next time., June 2015
104,5.0,Greatest late night tipsy shopping ever!,"If you love shopping then add this to your must-do list. Koreans DO NOT SLEEP. I’m not going to lie, it was a little overwhelming. The area was just so huge that it took us a good 3 nights to fully explore and shop. They are open super late, had super cheap clothes and souvenir", July 2014
105,4.0,Tips for a shopping area ladies must visit when in Seoul,"Dongdaemun is a huge area with many buildings selling mainly clothes for ladies. The few buildings often visited by travelers are: 1. Lotte FITIN: my favorite, it even provides free wifi. You can process your Global Tax Refund on 8th floor, that will save you some time in the", May 2015
106,4.0,Great shopping!,A great place not far from the city center for shopping clothes. A wide range of quality and styles Recommended for a rainy day in Seoul., May 2015
107,4.0,Fashion heaven,"There are lot of malls around selling things like clothings, shoes, bags, accessories and many more. Lots of styles to choose from but some of the products are quite pricy. Think and choose carefully before buying. It is possible to bargain on the price. Some of the retailers", December 2014
108,4.0,Fashion designer's heaven,Lots and lots of fabrics and fashion materials one could imagine. It's like a maze. You could spend a day in there without knowing the time., April 2015
109,3.0,Tons of shopping for various age groups,There are plenty of shopping there but some of the wholesale centre are more suitable for elderly. The ones that are more suitable for young people opens at 8pm so do take note. Dota is nice but the things are pricey., March 2015
110,4.0,Dongdaemon experience,The choices for fashion items are just overwhelming. The food choices are not as good as the other places. Nice and cheaper place to buy souvenir items though., March 2015
111,4.0,Late night till AM shopping!,"There were lots of street food to explore, mini concerts outside of the mall, and just overall walking and shopping marathon! My best friend and her husband just touched down that evening from Melbourne and that was the first place we went to, together with me and my husband.", March 2015
112,5.0,Shop till you drop,"it is the only shopping in the world that i visit where the malls are open for 24 hors 7 days a week anything you think of you can find in these complex, expensive and cheap items", February 2015
113,3.0,For Shoppers Lover,5 or 6 complex mall places in the same area. opening from 10 am until dawn 4 am. many storey many shops in 1 mall building; All clothes seem good copied quality   But a bit desserted on the day i went (Monday night on rainy day)  So i am not sure what happened if i buy one.  , February 2015
114,4.0,Late night shopping!,"If you can't sleep at night and love shopping, this is a must-go place for you! I would say this give me a very similar experience to the ones in Bangkok. Do bargain!", January 2015
115,3.0,"Overwhelming amounts of clothing, shoes, and accessories!","The complex is massive with many different vendors inside. After a while everything starts to look the same and you find yourself overwhelmed with items. Mostly women's clothing, shoes, and accessories you will find here, but, many of the clothing is ""one size fits all"" which is", October 2014
116,3.0,More women clothings,"There were quite a few shopping malls there. One was like bangkok platinum mall, where there were 5 floors of stores. Mostly selling female clothing. Didnt really get to see much of male clothing. Didnt spend so much time there also as weather was super cold there.", January 2015
117,2.0,"Huge, complex, expensive and boring","When we visited on a Friday afternoon, we were surprised to find it quite empty. The things sold were quite pricey and language was a problem. Before of the low-traffic, the shopkeepers were either napping or playing with their phones...wasted our time going..", January 2015
118,3.0,Shop shop shop but prepare to bargain,"Place is filled with a lot of everything to shop for especially clothes. If you're a shopaholic, one day is NOT ENOUGH. The first time I came here I was overwhelmed by the place :), so I prepared a shopping list in my 2nd trip here. Made my life so much easier and I got what I", November 2014
119,5.0,Very affordable shopping place,"Love shopping and if you would like to get items based on your budget, you can buy a lot. What a busy place..we came back twice to this area.", April 2014
120,3.0,For shoppers,"This area is mainly dedicated for shoppers, as it is packed with different malls, in tall modern buildings. They look nice at night. Since we're not interested too much with shopping, we found this area less interesting than Myeong Dong, which had pedestrian streets. It's a good", September 2014
121,5.0,Shopping Haven,"There are 5 shopping centres around here. Give the ones the both ends a miss and visit the 3 in between. You will not regret, it's huge with small individual stalls that sells quality korean clothings at cut-throat prices.  If you don't like to bargain, only visit stalls that", October 2014
122,4.0,A place to find any souvenirs,"I came to this place around 6 PM, I directly went to 2nd floor to purchase some souvenirs. You can find any Korean souvenirs such as key holder, plate, fridge magnet, wallet, t-shirt, dolls, chop stick, post card and any others traditional souvenirs. Surprisingly the owner and", October 2014
123,3.0,Claustrophobic mess of fabrics and haberdashery,"I went to Dongdaemun because I am totally into crafts, sewing, fabrics etc. Well, the experience was quite traumatic. On the one side you may rejoice at the sight of trillions of ribbons, buttons and fabrics, then you realise that  hardly any price is on display and that the", September 2014
124,3.0,Bring some comfortable shoes!,"My assessment of this attraction as ""average"" needs to be taken into context. I've lived in Asia for many tears and have experienced a lot of markets so, coming to this area, I wasn't particularly surprised by anything.  The area itself has a large number of large indoor markets", August 2014
125,4.0,Great Shopping Choice,Choice of shopping malls from high-price to low-price. Bustling at night. Street food stalls are also available along the walkway. Easy to reach by subway and safe to visit at night., December 2013
126,4.0,Fabric Market,"Quite an unexpected find the other day - a massive fabric market.  Buttons, zips, fabrics and nick nacks that you possibly could need for making clothing.  There is a constant stream of vendors coming and going from the market, and most are carrying long bolts of cloth.  It is", July 2014
127,4.0,Shopping heaven,Its a plus point for me bcoz im staying at dongdaemun itself.with shopping malls are just a walking distance.its easier for me to go shopping.dongdaemun shopping complex is more to fabric material.and the shop owner is very kind too!!i buy cotton fabrics here after bargaining i, June 2014
128,4.0,Good place to get handicraft supply,"It is a huge shopping complex and it felt like a maze inside. There are many many shops selling fabric, lace, beads, threads, and all other kinds of things you would need for your needlework / jewelry / all sorts of crafts projects. You can go to the stalls selling street food", May 2014
129,3.0,Calling all shopperholics!!,"Dongdaemun is popular for midnight shopping as their shopping malls opens till 2am. It's literally shop till you drop. They sell all sorts of items from clothings, to hats, to accessories, to shoes. Doota! is like a departmental stores with handmade or designer wear, if you", July 2013
130,5.0,Made in Korea,Had a blast shopping in Dongdaemun - this is where you should be if you want to make some serious shopping of high fashion ladies apparel all made in Korea! Enjoyed it so much!  Some store owners are very friendly- they allow haggling prices - but usually their prices are fixed., May 2014
131,5.0,Shopaholics' Paradise,"If you are a shopaholic, pick a hotel within this area so you can easily return to the hotel in the wee hours of the morning, or return to the hotel to keep your stuff, and then go out shopping again.Though some shops opened earlier, I would recommend visiting this place from", May 2014
132,3.0,Starting to fall off,I went there thinking I would come home with a bag full of cool and unique things that I would buy on the cheap... Ended up leaving with a lot of expensive things bought at department stores...  Things that are cheap here now... are very cheap in terms of quality. They have some, April 2014
133,3.0,Air-conditioned Bugis Street,"It is the Korea version of Bugis St in Singapore. Shops aplenty but most are selling the same stuff. Not very cheap and not easy to haggle prices either, especially if they know that you are a tourist. Surprisingly I can find the exact same products online at cheaper prices.", December 2013
134,3.0,Mishmash shopping experience,"Located next to JW Marriot, this complex mainly houses stalls selling fabrics, ribbons, lace, and bedsheets etc.  To be honest, there are better options, including the underground passage near Dongdaemun subway.   For jewellery etc, you should go over to Doota or Migliore.  My", April 2014
135,3.0,Lotte fashion mall and beware of taxi touts after midnight,"I like Lotte fashion mall (the last mall along the street if you start from Doota). It sells a lot more unique fashion clothing that are designed by the locals. Prices are not at the lowest range but they are reasonable, considering the quality is better too. Train service ends", April 2014
136,4.0,Jeil-Pyeonghwa Market at Dongdaemun,"I used to recommend  Doota, Migliore, and other buildings for shopping to my friends. However, personally I do not buy there even though I admit their designs are pretty good and very "" a la mode"". But today I found another building named, ""Jeil Pyeonghwa market"" where I could", April 2014
137,4.0,shop till u drop,"ok..this place design to be heaven of shopper around the world. u can buy good quality clothes etc whole day ( i go there with my freind at 4 am !! ) u can ask for discount, but some shop had fixed price.", May 2013
138,4.0,Night shopping at this wholesale market,"It was enormous... But I liked it very much.. The complex itself was overwhelming that big...! Different 'malls'. But too big to see it all in one night... Many same goods were offered, and I don't wanna say that it's not nice.. No no. No... Only that it looks the same... But", December 2013
139,4.0,Shopping for local brand garments,Doota Mall is located in Dongdaemun area along with Dongdaemun market where you can get things at a cheap price if you have good bargaining skills. If you are not good at bargaining. You could go to mall directly. The whole mall embraces all kinds of garments from local brand., December 2013
140,3.0,HANBOK,"We came here to get a hanbok for my daughter. Found the shop at 2FL (near esclator) , Bargain from KRW80K to KRW60K.There are a few priced at KRW45K (special promotion) We bought a few hair piece at KRW3K... As it is winter most of the shops sell only winter clothing,Prices are", November 2013
141,4.0,A day of shopping,"Also known as “Doosan Tower”, Doota Mall is located in Dongdaemun (the East Gate of old Seoul) along with the popular Dongdaemun market where you can get things at a cheap price if you have good bargaining skills. We were not that adventurous that day so we decided to just hang", May 2013
142,3.0,Some bargains to be found but beware of the taxis!,"A lot of the stuff is the same and you do need to shop around and try to bargain. I found it is cheap compared to where I live but maybe it's average price for Korea, I've found some similar stuff cheaper around ewha and Myeongdong. We spent a lot of time here anyway and left", November 2013
143,4.0,Amazing shopping,"Visited Dongdaemun on a very rainy day. This complex is enormous - the building we were in was 1km from end to end. The floor we were on was mainly for clothes and accessories for the more mature. There was a huge selection, and the clothes were very well made and cheaper than", November 2013
144,5.0,"You Can Get Really Affordable ""Made In Korea"" Clothes Here!","I love Dongdaemun since it's a major hub for Korean fashion.  Since Korea still makes a lot of its clothing (i.e. not all outsourced to China), you will find affordable, stylish and WELL MADE pieces.I highly recommend you go to the ""Doota!"" building where they have entire floors", November 2012
145,1.0,Sale girl with very bad attitude - Doota,"we went to the shopping place in Dongdaemum on our first day at Seoul. we took quite a while to find the way to the shopping centre. when we finally found our way there and enter into the Doota shopping centre, we were greeted by this very rude staff. we wanted to look at the", September 2013
146,4.0,for 24 hour shopping people,"this place is near from Dongdaemun Gate, we arrived 1 am in the morning at Doota and amazed that still shopping mall open and many shopper from around the world is gathering here. from fake to original brand you can name it is available and the most interesting is Seoul young", October 2013
147,5.0,Wife loved it,"Great place to buy local designed fashion items, wife purchased a bit within the shopping complex. You could shop all day, caters for everyone of all ages. Products are priced well, don't expect the major brands like LV etc....", April 2013
148,5.0,One place to buy souvenirs,"After I went to some places, I found out that this place sold souvenirs the cheapest one. There were 2 main souvenir shops at level 5 inside the mall. The seller amazingly could speak Bahasa. Maybe because many Indonesia or Malay people also shop there. No need to bargain but in", January 2013
149,2.0,Look around before buying,"Went to Doota which is recommended even by the korean tourism board. I had expected that since it is more upmarket and it boasts to be a designer-wear complex, i would get value-for-money kind of clothing. I didn't mind paying if it's a designer-wear. Hence, I paid krw $89000", July 2013
150,1.0,,"I am Korean by descent. I have never felt so embarrassed about my own people and culture. The sellers push you to try things on but when you don't buy, they get pissed. Some shops don't even let you try things on! They claim it will stretch out. In addition, everything is", June 2013
151,4.0,Textiles and traditional clothes,This place is the one to go if you want fabric for traditional costumes or just fabric in general. Make sure to go with someone who knows as it can be a bit difficult to locate. The little instant food shops in this market are well known for the pancakes., July 2012
152,5.0,great place to shop,a good place to find souveniers and pretty much anything else. All kinds of Korean snack stalls. A fun way to spend the day, May 2013
153,5.0,Late Night Shopping Madness,If you are into clothes/shoes/accesorry shopping then this is probably one of the best places in Asia for shop till you drop.  No other city caters to shopping in the wee hours of the morning like Dongdaemun.  Most malls start getting ready around 8pm and things kick off around, May 2013
154,3.0,Basically large complexes with loads of stalls,It's like Sungai Wang in Malaysia just with many many more buildings. There are like 4 or 5 tall buildings with shops in them. Most of them are catered to wholesale businesses only so don't bother going into them unless you want to look around. It can get pretty busy in those, April 2013
155,3.0,Need Patience and Stamina to find good buys,You have not been to Seoul if you have not been to Dongdaemun Shopping area.  Most tourists come to Dongdaemun for shopping at night as it's open till wee hours (like 5am) in the morning.    There are actually 2 sections of Dongdaemun shopping complexes. The section that most, October 2012
156,4.0,Just the books.,"Went here because shopping was supposed to be cheap but not really. Yes there were a lot of things to see but I was really surprised that some items sold here I can get cheaper if I go somewhere else in Seoul. Like clothes, a lot here but more expensive than the ones in", September 2012
157,5.0,Once again a good place to buy stuff but way too tiring,Lots of shops selling interesting stuff. Would be good if you have a local friend taking you to reliable shops in the vicinity. Can get into trouble looking for cabs late in the night!. , March 2013
158,4.0,Shopping heaven,"in here you have to look out for your wallet since you can stop buying things..hahaha. Actually the price a bit expensive, but the seller always say, this is made in korea...and i admit, all the items was so fashionable...you can't take your eyes on it, the shoes, the bags, the", February 2013
159,4.0,All women love to come here!!!,"Oh yes, tonnes & tonnes of shops. But do you know that those shops that directly line the walkway have plenty of customers browsing through & thus, the staff are not willing to lower the price for you??? Besides, their customer service skill is lacking. I tried browsing at a few", March 2012
160,5.0,Fashion heaven!! Dongdaemun Shopping Area,"This is my fave place during my visit to Seoul! My BF and I came back here 3 days just to do shopping for clothes! The clothes are all of good quality!  There are different shopping malls along the line, from the expensive ones to the cheaper ones. So please compare before", October 2012
161,4.0,Great place to shop till wee hours!,"At Dongdaemun Shopping Complex, you'll never know the time of day - because this complex opens till 5am everyday! There are some good bargains too. It's not too expensive to get a cab back and forth to your hotel (we stayed pretty far but it didnt cost much). Just beware of the", October 2012
162,5.0,the one major market so far where we want to go back to buy clothes,"as a foreigner living in Korea and visiting several of the famous market/shopping areas, we often see things that are interesting and might be neat to buy, but so far we hadn't come across any one particular place where we immediately thought ""oh, we should do our clothes", November 2012
163,5.0,24hrs Shopping!!,"Yes, you read that right...24hrs shopping! Shopping in the dongdaemun area has pretty updated fashion plus prices are on the cheaper side. You don't have to waste your precious daytime shopping cuz many of the shops in this area open through the night. That's good for people who", July 2012
164,4.0,Shop 'til you drop!,"Huge mega complex that part of where the market is currently under construction for another cultural mega complex.  Tons of department stores, lots of mom and pop shops selling clothes and shoes.  A great shopping district for people of all ages and wallet sizes.  Easy to get to", October 2012
165,4.0,Some good advise for western men,"You can find fantastic bargins here, It's a virtual shopping paradise for the ladies. The guy's can find it the same way here provided you are built like the average Korean man.... However that's just not the case for most of us westerners and will find a day at Dongdaemun more", October 2012
166,5.0,A must go for Local & Western Retail Therapy,"There are 2 parts to this shopping area, the single level local shops/market and the high rise shopping malls. The local markets are shut by 6pm, so go there earlier in the day and go to the malls later or at night. The local market is the place to shop for bargains. We bought", October 2012
167,3.0,Hugh shopping place,"In many travel books the place is addressed as Dongdaemun market. So we expected a traditional type market. Asking the way, the answer was your in the middle of it. The area is covered with enormous shopping malls and must be woman's heaven... For a guy there's not much more to", September 2012
168,4.0,Cheap and Good!,Wish I could remember all the korean name for the shops.;( This is a great shopping district. There are both high end stores and also the economical ones.Tthey lined side by side too one another. Most tourists will be taken here to shop.  We went to both the high end and the not, August 2012
169,3.0,Just Stop Off,"On my last day for business, before my departure i stop off to Dongdaemun Shopping Complex to buy something, but i' m confuse because of to much choice", June 2012
170,5.0,Great shopping!,"So many shops but not enough time. Take note that Doota opens only from 7pm on Mondays. For tourists, it is a letdown as our time is very short if on tour groups.", July 2012
171,3.0,"LONG WALK, AVERAGE SHOPPING","Heard much about this place, but it took a long walk to visit all the various markets and malls. At the end, it did not amount to much as the prices were not as attractive compared to Thailand - given the quality of the merchandise and ambiance. Did buy some Korean traditional", June 2012
172,4.0,Shopping district and fashion heaven,"Packed with fashion stores around every corner. Sellers are deseparate for your cash and will keep bugging you once you in sight. Prepare to bargain at least half of the first quoted price. Since they have no price tag on most of the items, they intend to offer different price", May 2012
173,3.0,Mid - night shopping in Dongdeamun,"Be prepare to either stay till the first train in the morning to get back to your hotel or pay a premium price on the cab (Taxis)to go back . Most of the cab driver asked for W30,000 to go from Dongdeamun to myoengdong after 2 a.m. in the morning . After asking more then 4 or 5", May 2012
174,4.0,Young Fashion Galore,"This place consists of several buildings, each packed with stores selling the most fashionable clothes, accessories and shoes in the region. Designs are mostly catered to the younger generation (~up to 30s and early 40s) and white-collared working class. With the sheer mass and", April 2012
175,5.0,lots of good stuff,Hello APM was the best. Migliore was next. Should be at least one whole day to devour the whole area. Great location. But beware of expensive street food stalls. , May 2012
176,4.0,"quality vs price, it's your choice","Although there are several buildings in these ""complex"" due to time constraints, we were able to only check out two adjacent buildings. We concentrated on Migliore which according to my daughter/guide has better offerings and lower price and more frequented by tourists and", April 2012
177,5.0,Not Trading Off Quality For Price!,"For such prices and qualities of clothes sold in these shopping malls, one can't ask for more! i don't think one is trading off quality for price. i'd say that only the quality of the top notch brands, such as Chanel, Gucci n Bottega r better than those u find in these malls,", April 2012
178,2.0,I don't know what's the fuss about Dongdaemun,"I went there to get my winter clothing based on the reviews here that fashion are very inward and you can get them at a very cheap price over there. True enough, you are able to slash prices by 20-30% off at places such as Miglore and 40-50% at A/PM, i find that it's not a great", January 2012
179,4.0,"A series of shopping malls, not just one place.","The Dongdaemun shopping area is not just one building, but a series of shopping malls, each trying to outdo the rest with mind-boggling variety and price. Doota!, Migliore, A/PM are open in the day and feature retailers selling clothes directly to the shoppers. The other malls", January 2012
180,5.0,At least 3 days to cover,"This place is a shopping heaven.   Not many places allows bargaining these days. Doota used to but not anymore. But hey all the malls open past midnight so u can literally shop ALL NIGHT!!  Apm which is next to doota allows bargaining and if u are good, u can slash the prices by", December 2011
181,4.0,Too Big! one day wont enough,"i just accompany my girlfriend who love shopping. so tired!! this market just too big, yes there are lots of great stuff. my advice is do not bring your girlfriend who love shopping to come to this market, otherwise, you will spend at least 6 hours walking without a rest because", December 2011
182,5.0,AMAZING SHOPPING MECCA !!!,Where else in the world you could find shopping malls close at 5 am EVERY DAY except Sunday?! Only in Dongdaemun Seoul. As amazed as we are seeing people still really DOING shopping at 3 am and it is busy despite it is an early morning of working weekdays. A must for buyers or, October 2011
