,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,must visit,"take the walk along the wall, and then go in th enarrow street surroundings to catch the essence of the city it 5 minutes from the Marriott where i was staying a bliss of a surprise", November 2019
1,4.0,Modern and old within walking distance of each other,"This should be one of your stops when visiting Seoul as you'll be able to absorb both modern and cultural experiences within walking distance of each other. It's easy to get here by subway. Once you exit, you'll be greeted with an amazing building that looks like a spaceship has", August 2019
2,4.0,Wall park in city,"The Dongdaemun park is on a hill, might be too taxing for some.  Locals find shaded spots and exercise. Tourists linger by the wall and take photos.  On the lower portion is a nice museum that is free with extensive information about the walls history.", September 2019
3,4.0,Happenings,"This is a happening place with the impressive Dongdaemun Design Plaza and the nearby shopping malls such as Doota, Migliore, apM Place. Expect the crowd especially in the evenings. However, there is a small park just behind the plaza, with many free seats with umbrella covers.", June 2019
4,3.0,"Went around the gates, and market",Went up the hill - Hanyangdoseong trail. It's a long way up. Went to am unexpected area - where they shoot the Korean drama - Encounter (I think...). It's cool! Good view at the top!, July 2019
5,5.0,There are many good places to buy suvenir around here,"If you are around Dongdaemun History & Cuture Park or station. You can find many good place to buy suvenir. Firstly, there are good department stores around it. And I loved small pharmacy around it which name Gwanghui Pharmacy. I heard it from my friend who study in Korea. If", March 2019
6,4.0,Modern sleek mesh with golden beauties,"the park itself is most enjoy at night, especially Korea darkens around 5.30pm and the ""rose display"" lights up at 6pm, so you will see a huge beauty in center of the complex. didnt manage to go inside for the rest of exhibition but already the outer beauty and some ruins will", November 2018
7,4.0,Shopping around dongdaemun at night,Still a good place to go at night where most shops are already closing at other place. Doota have tax free and line! Tried the burgers for the first time. Love the  signature one! A great time to come as tour bus tourist have left the place for dinner! , October 2018
8,3.0,A new and interesting public space in Seoul,"This was our second visit to Seoul and I had been researching for new and interesting places to visit, the area around Heunginjimun Gate has lots to offer. In one direction is the Seoul City Wall and Museum and in the other Dongdaemun History and Culture Park.  This is a very", April 2018
9,3.0,Arty modernist looking metal building ,Building looks good. Some shops inside the building selling design related products. Museum was closed on the Monday I was there. A lot of empty space inside the building. Not sure it's the best use of space. People sitting and strolling outside in the plaza area. Ok for 1 hour, May 2018
10,5.0,Amazing and memorable place,"This is a great place to see the old and new come together in Seoul. If you enjoy architecture or photography, this place should be on your must-see list when visiting the city. It is also my favorite part of the Hanyangdoseong trail that runs around Seoul.", December 2017
11,4.0,A blend of the past and present,A very nice place to walk around in which you can witness the past history blending in with the current present. In which how each finds a balance yet preserving the traditional culture., March 2018
12,4.0,March seoul fashion week,"I usually visit seoul in spring especially on march, the building of dongdeamum history park itself is worthy enough to visit it's designed by Zaha hadid. And if u visit on abt end of march u can also see seoul fashion week here. Even u dont like or dont understand fashion. The", March 2018
13,4.0,Unique Spot,"This was a unique spot to walk around and enjoy. There was art, restaurants underground, and shopping. I really loved the beautiful white glowing flowers at night. ", August 2017
14,4.0,Artistic park ,The park was creatively design with futuristic flair . Love strolling around here to admire the beautiful lit up led rose flowers around the garden . Big garden with chairs to seat down . , March 2018
15,5.0,Amazing Architecture MUST,This place is a must! It's so cool and sci-fi and artsy! Beautiful and unique! Really wowed us all! Go and see for yourself , November 2017
16,4.0,Future like building,"The building structure looks futuristic. There is a design building that has interesting arts. There are plenty of shops and restaurants within this building.  Not far from this place are plenty of shopping malls, street market, Seoul City wall, museum and Heunginjimum gate. The", November 2017
17,4.0,Dongdaemun History and Culture Park,"Architecture is interesting and worth seeing. There are museums, galleries for interested people. Also location is easily accessible, not far from shopping district, possible to find something to eat within complex area.", October 2017
18,4.0,Must visit,"At Dongdaemun History & Culture Park, traditional buildings and cutting-edge modern cultural facilities come together harmoniously. Seoul Fortress, Yigansumun Water Gate and Dongdaemun History Museum .Also,it close to Dongdaemun night market.It is nice place to take photos and", September 2017
19,5.0,Good place to see Design ,"A lot of useful things to buy  souvenirs, take photos, see Design museum, enjoy art and relax with your family ", September 2017
20,5.0,Nice design Architecture&more,"Nice exhibition! and lots of thing to experience. The popular one seems like the LV exhibition since they are free and full of knowledge about it. Highly recommending to pre register since the line is quite crazy! Next one is, 30 Pixar animation company anniversary. I pay", July 2017
21,4.0,Must visit!!,The centerpiece is the Dongdaemun Design Plaza. Awesome piece of architecture! We visited at night so all the more it was awesome with its changing lights. Next time I will swing by in the morning as we were in a hurry then. , June 2017
22,5.0,Amazing to view the exterior,Quite amazing exterior designs of the buildings whilst preserving some very old ancient ruins. Look out for the stunning display of white roses and the extra large suit case. Taking a selfie of a selfie with the extra large camera on display is great fun too., May 2017
23,4.0,Good place for cheap finds,"The Dongdaemun area is a good place to shop for cheap, good quality finds. It is also where the Doota mall and duty free is located where products are discounted. Lots of cheap stalls inside the shopping complex. Dongdaemun is also where the Dongdaemun Design Plaza is located -", April 2017
24,4.0,very nice place to learn about history,there is an old baseball stadium museum an old floodgate system nice neon lights at night in the area and many more for kids to learn, March 2017
25,4.0,Good mix of history and contemporary,Good mix of history: the old city walls in Seoul and the contemporary: the Dongdaemun Design Plaza. Recommended!, February 2017
26,4.0,"A ""city park"" with displays to see","Totally a ""city park"" with high-rises of the Dongdaemun area in the close vicinity, this is not much of a place for relaxation & recreation but worth stopping by while in the very-lively (especially in the evening) Dongdaemun area around the big intersection of Jangchungdan-ro &", June 2016
27,4.0,Interesting walk around the park,"A modern park that has been designed and built in a very modern forward thinking idea. It is quite a pleasant place to spend a bit of time walking round, a good few photo opportunities. I went inside and walked around some of the shops, but wasn't that impressed with the shops,", January 2017
28,5.0,Dongdaemun ,Lot of art structures. A lot of fashion and shopping available for cheap prices. Beautiful area of Seoul, December 2016
29,4.0,Happening at night,"Dongdaemun area is huge and consists of Dongdaemun Design Plaza, Dongdaemun walking street, Doota Mall and etc. You can see some performances at night in that area and some teens might dancing and singing along the roadside. All places are reachable by foot.", November 2016
30,5.0,Beautiful Historical and Culture park,"It is a beautiful historical and culture park, the arts are beautiful, it is a place I want to spend an afternoon at", November 2016
31,4.0,Realy Nice Place ,Realy modern and Nice .  Perfect Place to catch the metro  Delicious restaurants  Nice Thinks to see also by night , November 2016
32,5.0,nice place,it's ok but don't expect much as far as cultural or the so called museum it's more of shops and restaurants and dedicated to fashion but a nice place to watch people and relax, October 2016
33,5.0,Feel the art in the air!,"The building itself looks amazing! I was quite rush and only visit one lab and apart of outdoor area, but all are very attractive. A must place to visit I think!", September 2016
34,5.0,Dongdaemun is an Awesome area,"Centered with an amazing plaza (Dongdaemun Design Plaza) there is much to see in terms of history, culture, shopping, and eating.  DDP has all this already, but the surrounding area offers even more.", August 2016
35,5.0,Lovely the environment ,"Amazing space and architecture appeals. Many people just sit and chit chat, kind of blissful place in a city centre. Night is cooling but not bright enough, still I love it.", August 2016
36,5.0,Exclusive place,"If there's a place in Seoul where I have been a lot of times is this place. Easily accessible by subway. Recently I went inside and walked through the passage which is amazing, an amazing place to come by yourself.", June 2016
37,4.0,Exclusive centre ,We went to the history and culture park on a reception. Very nice and luxurious both inside and outside. A large design center plus plus. I'm the evening we were sitting outside drinking beer which was amazing., July 2016
38,3.0,Free area to come hang out,So this place is a huge area where people seem to just hang around - maybe its part of the Korean life. There are the ruins and wall here which jut out and there are also unusually designed chairs. People sit there or they even just lie there in public and chit chat with their, June 2016
39,4.0,Futuristic,"Take a green line subway to visit this place. Very huge place, clean and calm. The futuristic architechture design of this place is amazing. You can see some artists works here, just walk around, have some coffee, playing piano, or just sit and feel calm near the park. If visit", June 2016
40,5.0,Fascinating,"A very interesting place to walk around. The architecture is very unusual, the excavation of the city walls is very interesting and the lit flower garden is beautiful to behold, particularly at night. ", June 2016
41,4.0,nice place to start the city wall hike,This is a good starting place for the excellent Seoul City wall hike. There is a small and free museum that gives more information about the wall. The hike is well marked and safe and gives nice views of the city. , April 2016
42,4.0,Peace in the midst of noise,"Clean and peaceful environment.  A session of the city wall is preserved and on view here.  LED roses are lit at night and is hugely popular with couples.  The DDP building looks great although I would prefer taking its pics at twilight.  Literally right opposite from Migliore,", May 2016
43,5.0,Beautiful especially at night,The building has a very unique ufo like shape. We went here at night and its situated next to the LED rose park. The scenery was magnificant. , September 2015
44,5.0,Peaceful place with a nice view over the city,A nice place to hang around a busy day. Well maintained park with a hill. Nice view to both old and new part of the city. Possible walk along the nearby river makes it a nice place for a weekend relaxing activity. , October 2015
45,5.0,Worth the walk,"We walked at our own pace up Seoul City Wall on a chilly morning,the steps were steep in parts, very natural sand and rock.  Climbing close to the Wall has not been specially made for tourists, there was a bit of rubbish around and it looked quite natural so if you have dodgy", January 2016
46,5.0,The Spaceship!,"Worth the visit when you are in the Dongdaemun area, there is the LED rose garden and it was very pretty.  The Spaceship building is very modern and it changes colour very 3 to 4 minutes.", January 2016
47,3.0,Good for walking around!!,"If you want to get some good walking in, come here. You can view a great area of Dongdaemoon. Its free and costs nothing. ", September 2015
48,5.0,Better than market. ,It is better than market.   You can follow the Seoul fortress wall.  You can enjoy upto the Naksan Park.   East mountain out of surrounding four directional mountains.   Point.  - rose garden with LIGHTENED ROSE.  - DDP building  - Naksan park sunset  - walking along Fortress, November 2015
49,4.0,Good place to visit,It is very easy to go there by the subway. It is one of a great place to visit when you are in Seoul., July 2015
50,5.0,A Visual History treat,"A park that's not only acts as a breathing space for Dongdaemun , but is also complete with a museum on the stadium and the history of the area. Getting to see an actual floodway wall up close is a treat and a peek into the past of the area. A must visit in Dongdaemun, my home", September 2015
51,4.0,Avant Garde  Meets History Meets Shopping,"The focal point of this area is the space-age building in the centre square, which was designed by an Iranian architect. During excavations they found may relics from ancient Korean culture, and these have been incorporated into the complex.  The complex hosts many cultural", September 2015
52,3.0,Climbing up is hard but the gate is a historic place!,"One need to hike up to the top for a view of the gate. Note that the gate connects to other gate around Seoul, making it a big square fortress since the past. Do remember to drop by at a building that specifically dedicate about the gate - a modern museum!", April 2015
53,5.0,Amazing!,"It is a wonderful place to visit! The view is amazing, I cannot think of a better place in America. For couples, it is esencial to visit this place!", July 2015
54,5.0,Absolutely fantastic!,"What an incredible space! So many exhibitions to see here and they are all world class.  Not to mention the breathtaking architecture of the building itself - it looks stunning from below next to the ""conventional"" buildings on the street. I saw the Esprit Dior exhibition which", August 2015
55,4.0,Funky Architecture,"Maybe not the quietest park ever known, but the charm is in the really neat architecture. It has lots of interesting photo opportunities, both day and night.", July 2014
56,4.0,It's especially beautiful on a late spring evening,"This attraction greets you straight out of the train station, and the futuristic building is the first thing you see upon exiting. If you love structures and architecture, you'll very much enjoy taking in the sights here. We visited this place at night since that's the best time", April 2015
57,4.0,impressive!,you cannot miss seeing this building! it is a great rainy-day option but i'd suggest you come here anyway! food is delicious and there are a lot of shops nearby for all the things you might need. this is an easily accessible building too with ramps to gain access to. Definitely, January 2015
58,4.0,Spaceship-like Building,"I happened to be in this building when I got out of the subway one station ahead of my destination and I was surprised that it was like a massive spaceship with lots of interesting shops. Here, traditional buildings, relics, ruins and modern cultural facilities blend together in", October 2014
59,4.0,Unique building and Shops,"I visited the park at night, it was nice to walk to the area at night and see all the beautiful lights, inside they have a coffee shop with quiet seating area for relaxing, and they had many shops with unique setting and items to sell, mostly for phones, or office decorations,", October 2014
60,4.0,Great and massive,"it was good to see this, sooo grand and big... and HOTTT... Saw some interesting arts and weird things for sale.  We past this place a few times and always wondered what it was. Glad we went there", September 2014
61,5.0,"dongdaemun, that much better","Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) recently opened, making this area all that more impressive. This is a huge complex designed by Zaha Hadid,and is the world’s largest architectural feature of its kind. It incorporates show space, theater, memorial, ruins and archeological sites, a", August 2014
62,5.0,looks like a UFO,"Stopped here to check it out. Very cool building, it looks like a UFO both from the outside and inside. I went during the day but it would probably make a good photo at night. The building was/is controversial because it was built over an old stadium with a former flea market,", May 2014
63,4.0,Worthwhile stop,"Built on the old soccer stadium of the 1988 Olympics and transformed since our last visit seven years ago, it is a great piece of architecture.  We visited the WETA exhibition and there was also a Transformers exhibit on also that we didn't visit. The design gallery/market has", August 2014
64,5.0,Lastest architectural design building in Seoul,"Designed by Zaha Hadid. whatelse do you need?   It's directly connected with Seoul metro line number 4 (Dong dae mun history & culture park) nonetheless exhibitions are not quite interesting, the building itself is amazing.  if you are a big fan of architecture then you must see", May 2014
65,5.0,Awesome building,This just opened in March.  All I wanted to see was the building thinking that it was an office building but there are museums inside and even a retail area.  It was my last stop before I departed so I didn't have enough time.  You must stay  longer and take a look at the, April 2014
66,4.0,Zaha Hadid DDP,It was a privilege to have seen a Zaha Hadid designed building in person as they are spectacular and few & far between. The Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) was completed in March 2014 and we arrived in April 2014 so I was stoked! The building takes on a futuristic design and, April 2014
67,5.0,dongdaemun history and culture park,unfortunately still under construction but the layout from outside look like the building is futuristic design, December 2013
