,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Not Too Much to See Here.,"There are several of these gates along Seoul. There is not really nothing amazing to see here. No directions, No history to be shared or told on the spot, noone to guide you or instruct you about what this or the other gates are about.  I recommend them during the night though", January 2020
1,4.0,Dongdaemun Gate,We have viewed this east gate both during the day time and in the evening.  Of course it is more impressive at night all lit up.  The gate was originally constructed around 1396 during the Joseon King Taijo's reigned.  The last rebuilt took place around in 1869.  Needless to say, November 2019
2,5.0,Great architectural treasure,"Amazing building, really worth the visit and spending some time to soak it all in!  Super easy to access via the subway system and conveniently located, this is a must visit!", November 2019
3,4.0,Landmark in central Seoul,"This is one of 8 gates.  You could not enter when I was there, only a photo from outside. Its name means great east gate.  You can access it from either subway 1 or 4.", September 2019
4,4.0,Impressive - combine with a visit to the City Wall Museum,"Walk past Dongdaeumun Design Centre, and keep walking straight - the Heunginjimun Gate will suddenly appear in view.  It's an impressive structure - a two tiered building on a solid stone base in which there is a tunnel which housed the gate. This is the East Gate of Seoul, one", September 2019
5,4.0,Great Eastern Gate,"I came across this massive gate, one of the four major entrances to Seoul centuries ago, while walking to the nearby Dongdaemun Design Center. An imposing structure, this is the only city gate with a small wall that was constructed to give the Joseon Dynasty fortress additional", November 2018
6,5.0,"Lovely picture op, but you can't get close.","One thing I hate about Seoul is how bloody difficult it can be to cross the street. You can't really get close to the gate because of how the gates are set up, so don't feel bad if none of your pics turn out right. After some shopping at the nearby namdaemun market, you can come", July 2019
7,3.0,"Interesting gate, can't get close","Interesting gate, but not as accessible or explained as well as the Sungnyemun Gate.  Good for some photos and as a point to start a longer walk to explore the Seoul City Wall, which commences just North of the Dongdaemun Gate and climbs up to Naksan Park.", July 2019
8,4.0,Imposing gate in Dongdaemun,"Also known as Heunginjimun Gate, it is the largest gate in Seoul. A unique feature is the half-circle shaped wall to protect the gate. In fact, it is the only gate among Seoul’s eight gates to have this wall. For a good photo shoot, suggest you cross the road and climb uphill", June 2019
9,3.0,Lovely . . .,"Though reconstructed several times throughout its 700 year history it is a magnificent monument to the Joseon Dynasty. Though inspiring from street level, it is even more impressive from the lounge or roomss facing from the JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square.", June 2019
10,4.0,Great looking gate,"Looking at the pictures, I should have gone at night. But even during the day the gate looks very impressive.", May 2019
11,4.0,Heunginjimun Gate (Dongdaemun Gate) - One of the 8 Majestic Gates of Seoul,"Heunginjimun, literally ""Gate of Rising Benevolence"" or  Dongdaemun, is one of The Eight Gates of Seoul in the Fortress Wall of Seoul, a prominent landmark in central Seoul. The Korean name ""Dongdaemun"" means ""Great East Gate,"" and it was so named because it was the major", December 2018
12,4.0,stands out like a gem at night from a distance,"The gate is across from the JW Marriott hotel, within walking distance of the Dongdaemun metro.  It's best to view it in the evening as the lights make it shine like a jewel from a distance.  We went in the evening the gate was closed.  Not sure if it opens during the day,", December 2018
13,4.0,Most spectacular at night,"Seoul has many ancient historic gates scattered around the city, but the Dongdaemun gate is one of the most impressive. Certainly it is very well located just across the road from our hotel providing us with magnificent views especially from the rooftop of the hotel.  The gate", July 2018
14,5.0,A must stop,Great place to take a picture and admire the architecture. It is just across the street from the metro and near department stores and close to the clothing market., February 2019
15,5.0,Simple yet magnificent gate,We were lucky to see changing of guards ceremony when we happen to be passing by the area. The uniforms of the guards were exactly what we saw in the Korean telenovelas., December 2018
16,4.0,"It looks grand, both in the day and night","This structure is currently in the middle of a busy road junction, and a short walk from the metro station.  It looks grand, both in the day and night, and is well worth a detour if you are in the Dongdaemun neighbourhood. ", December 2018
17,4.0,Neat!,"Got to check out Dongdaemun gate during the day. The area is good to explore. At night, it is lit up nicely.", September 2018
18,4.0,Beautiful at night,"We did not have chance to visit during the day so popped by in the evening to wander around the outside. It was beautifully lit up and looked magnificent. It is a little tricky to get over to, due to its location in the middle of a busy road, but was worth being patient for.", November 2017
19,5.0,Magnificent City gate located in Dongdaemun.,"Dongdaemun is a wonderful area in Seoul to explore, one special feature of the area is Heunginjimun Gate or East Gate. This version of the gate was built in 1869, the original was built in 1396 and was the main gate of four of the Seoul City Wall (Hanyangdoseong), it is listed", April 2018
20,4.0,Another National Treasure No. 1,"The gate is the only one in Seoul which has a semi circular wall at the back and the image has been on quite a few guidebooks etc. It's a shame you  can't walk through it and can only admire it from outside. If you climb a short distance up along the city walls across the road,", July 2018
21,4.0,Nice historical site in heart of city,"Its good historical site, very clean surrounding and informational details added advantage to know the place better.  You can also visit near by underground market with affordable prices. There is one art museum also to visit nearby. Uploading photos.", January 2018
22,4.0,A picturesque monument!,"However, apart from being an important monument, the Dongdaemun Gate is also an integral part of today's city. It is lively and vibrant in the context of the modern City and bustles with life.", June 2018
23,3.0,Beautiful building opposite Marriott,Looks lovely in the evening opposite to Marriott hotel. The square is pretty busy and well lit. Love walking around the area with places to shop and eat., June 2018
24,3.0,Old gate to east of central Seoul,Historic gate. Close to markets. Seems to be fenced off. Part of the old wall is here. Can walk along the wall, June 2018
25,3.0,Worth passing by,This seems strange set on the middle of a road intersection Given all the other similar structures in the city you could give it a miss but if you are nearby it is worth a look and a piccy or two, April 2018
26,4.0,Ancient architecture among modern buildings ,"This is Dongdaemun gate, you will see it as you walk out from the station in Dongdaemun area . The gate stands out among the modern building , it's historical architecture was well preserved. ", March 2018
27,3.0,Another iconic gate,"Right across the street from the JW Marriott, this gate is worth seeing but nothing else to commend it in the area.", December 2017
28,4.0,East gate of Seoul,This wall the capital throughout Joseon Dynasty.  You can walk around the outside and view the wall. There is a brief history of this wall posted outside. Across the street is the City of wall and Museum. There are street vendors that sells good and food near by. Plenty of malls, November 2017
29,4.0,East Gate of Seoul City Wall,One of the two largest gates in Seoul. It has a stone archway in the retaining wall linked to the city wall and a wooden pavillion was constructed on it. The metro station is very close by., November 2016
30,4.0,Nice place,"Very nice place to visit, also some outlet malls are there and street shopping market, the metro station is very close.", September 2017
31,5.0,Nice to see the citywall,Heunginjinmun is nice to see dont miss the citywall if you stand infront like in the Picture its to the right side cross the road and get upp on wall soo nice view of the city. and near by undergruond shoppingmall., November 2016
32,4.0,관광,"서울에는 동서남북으로 대문이 있다 동대문 서대문  남대문 북대문   그동안 군사적인 이유 등으로 개방이 되지 않았던 북대문   조만간 일반에 공개되고그 모습을 드러낼 준비를 하고 있다. 사대문중에 남대문과 동대문은 큰 재래시장이다 먹을거리 입을거리 관광 지로서 꼭가볼곳중 하나인 동대문시장 In Seoul, there is a gate to the north, south, east, and west. Dongdaemun, Seodaemun, Namdaemun, and North Gate. The", October 2016
33,4.0,Historical ,Nice Historical site of the old kingdom. There is a huge shopping area featuring 24hrs wholesale nearby. Tons of resturants and cafe nearby., April 2017
34,5.0,A beautiful old building,This gate is beautiful.  Not much more to say actually.  It is well preserved and looks good.  But surrounded by modern buildings.  Well worth passing by and take some pics of it., August 2017
35,4.0,Okay..,"You need to go underground to get here and there's nothing much other than the huge gate. But it's near Dongdaemun Market, Seoul Station and the newly opened Seoul Overpass. So swing by these places after a visit to this gate. ", June 2017
36,4.0,One of the Eight gates of Seoul,"Very impressive at night all lit up.  This is only one of the 8 gates of the city.  Out of all the gates I've seen this and the Namdaemun are the most impressive.  10 minutes from the metro station. Head towards Doota, the Big Owl!  Be careful crossing the road here as its busy.", June 2017
37,3.0,Striking contrast to its modern surroundings,"The Dongdaemun Gate stands majestically in striking contrast to its modern surroundings, namely the Dongdaemun shopping district, the busy road intersection and the Dongdaemun Design Plaza. Not as grand as the Gwanghwamun Gate (in front of Gyeongbokgung Palace), but still worth", June 2017
38,5.0,鬧市中的寧靜 A peaceful and quiet place in the crowd.,"Well, u know Dongdaemun is a crowded place, esp the Dongdaemun cultural and history park. Just walk a little bit towards the Dongdaemun, you can have a bit of hiking along the blocks and have a sit ard the green and floral lawn. Takes within half an hour to go up all the way.", June 2017
39,5.0,And absolute beautiful experience,I really love this place and I think all people that visit Seoul should come here at least once. It is full of history and for people to be able to understand Seoul and Korea is this really an important place. , January 2017
40,4.0,Wonderful but under construction,It's one of gate of ancient Seoul and also wonderful and especially at night. But it's under construction  and I could see one side of it. I think this gate is the start point to trip to the center of seoul or walk through the route of ancient Seoul fortress wall., April 2017
41,3.0,Impressive historical building,Found the building after coming out from the train station. It is difficult to miss it. The gate is under renovation and you can only take photos from the outside., April 2017
42,3.0,Interesting ,This is not something you are required to do if time is limited however it is a nice walk around the area and you can see the ongoing construction where modern architecture meets the ancient. , April 2017
43,4.0,Great to see some history of Seoul,It's pretty easy to get here. It's just across the road from Dongdaemun market. Great to see the history of Seoul. Can be a bit touristy. Worth a visit., March 2017
44,3.0,Landmark Structure of Dongdaemun,"The structure looks grand and imposing, although it is still undergoing renovations at my last visit in early April 2017.   Suggest to take a short walk along the old city walls at night. From here, you can get a nice view of the gate plus all the modern buildings surrounding", April 2017
45,3.0,Landmark,"National treasure~ this gate is one of the eight gates surrounding Seoul City Wall. The fortress walls around the gate were destroyed long ago, bu the gate remains the same as it was in Joseon period.   It is definitely one of the top tourist attraction spot.   There are many", October 2016
46,4.0,One of four gates,One of four gates in seoul. The biggest gate n very beautiful at night . Located at centre of seoul., August 2016
47,4.0,"The ""biggest"" of the six gates","With a big stone base underneath, this two-storied gate (direction-wise, it's the East Gate) is the ""biggest"" of Seoul's six gates of which I got to three with Sungnyemun (the South Gate, a big gate also with two stories and just slightly smaller than this one, near Seoul", June 2016
48,4.0,One of the main Gates to old Seoul City,"Currently being renovated, but the sign on the outside says it will be completed in April 2017. Good views of the gate when walking from the City wall.", January 2017
49,3.0,Hidden treasures!,"When the taxi pulled on the curbside, I didn't see any outside vendors and excitement so I asked the taxi driver to take be back to Nandaemun. Little did I know, the vendors were in this building called Doota. But then I also heard it was a little more high-end which I didn't", July 2016
50,5.0,Dongdaemun gate,Amazing view in the middle of the city. Beautiful at night. Great for some pictures. Lots of places to eat around, October 2016
51,5.0,Breathtaking gate ,Witnessing the history of Seoul in the middle of the bustling square is priceless. The gate's design is brilliant and the marks of history and war are overwhelming. The challenge is to take a photo with no traffic., May 2016
52,4.0,witnessing the history of Seoul/Korea!,"Touted as Korean National Treasure #1 동대문 - 흥인지문 is 1 of the 8 gates protecting ancient Seoul City Wall, what we see now is the Gate w/o the fortress Walls (collapsed or damaged). Also known as the East Gate (Heunginjimon) the gate has a semi-circular protective wall (to protect", October 2016
53,4.0,Beautiful at night,We chanced upon the Dongdaemun Gate on the way to the night markets and Design Museum. It's beautifully lighted at night. It was drizzling and a bit cold that's why we didn't have time to go up close and check the facade.  It's a must see in the area especially at night., November 2016
54,4.0,Looking good gate,"Dongdaemun means east gate that is one of main four gates in seoul. People used to pass this gate to go to the capital in Chosun Period. It's close to tour the dongdaemun design Plaza, dongdaemun market and dongdaemun history & culture museum from the dongdaemun gate.", October 2016
55,4.0,A well taken care of monument in the middle of the city,"A perfect place to take some pictures if you're having a morning city walk after a sumptuous breakfast, or during a free-and-easy period away from the tour. The gate is surrounded by convenient and food shops, a market and a very busy main street during weekdays so take care", July 2016
56,4.0,Take a break in-between your hectic shopping here ,"Historical and inspirational gate, best of all, it sits in the middle of Seoul's hyper shopping heaven area. Take a break, take a look at the historical gate, especially at night has its own charm.", August 2016
57,4.0,Unique gate design in the middle of a busy intersection,"This gate is also known as the East Gate (Heunginjimon). It may be easily reached by taking subway Line 1 to Dongdaemun, and exit # 6. The rear of the gate is visible as soon as you are out of the subway. It is at a busy traffic intersection and pictures of the rear of the gate", July 2016
58,3.0,"a beautiful gate, sitting in the middle of a busy district.","you cant go in, but you can take some really nice pics. i recommend a video shot because it is cool to see the contrast between old and new coming together nicely. it is quite old, and lovely. ", July 2016
59,5.0,Sits proudly in the middle of traffic chaos,"The oldest of the city gates with beautifully exposed city walls has been preserved with the 21st century road system built around it.  Stands out loud and proud, adds lots of class to the area.", July 2016
60,4.0,A reminder of the historical past,"It is great to see this old gate lit up at night but at the same time, I definitely would prefer a old seoul rather than the new one. Surrounded by the modern buildings that grace Seoul's skyline, this is a nice break along with Dongdaemum history and culture park.", June 2016
61,4.0,Massive old gate in the  middle of Seoul,This is a massive gate that was built in 1398 by King Tejeo Its best viewed at night due to the lighting its walking distance from Myeongdong  Best for history lovers, May 2016
62,4.0,Old Korea surrounded by modern Korea,"The gate is on the corner of a very busy intersection. Getting a decent photo without traffic is a challenge, nevertheless the architecture of this magnificent building is worth seeing. Of particular interest to me was the defensive crescent wall, no present in most other gates", June 2016
63,4.0,Historical gate that is easy to reach,This gate will make a quick visit but a good photo opportunity. The area offers cheap and tasty restaurants and it is a good starting point for the excellent Seoul city wall hike. Come at night and day if possible to get different views. , April 2016
64,4.0,Beautiful gate at night..,"Enormous gate where you can also see some of the preserved eastern wall in the  nearby park. The gate is closed so you can't go through it (unlike Namdaemun Gate). In the evening, the lights will show a beautiful view of the gate.", May 2016
65,3.0,"Gate of Rising Benevolence ""Great East Gate""","Known as Heunginjimun Gate, the ""Gate of Rising Benevolence"" is commonly known as Dongdaemun. It is one of 8 gates of Seoul, ""Dongdaemun"" means ""Great East Gate,"" it was named Dongdaemun because it was the major eastern gate in the wall that surrounded Seoul during the Joseon", April 2016
66,4.0,Eateries 9/F Hyundai City Outlets Dongdaemun,"Reasonably priced. The two restaurants offering hotpots(1'30"") and buffets(1'40"") are flexible for those who opt for less spicy food. Outback there serves Korean style dishes, interesting!", April 2016
67,4.0,Gates in a Walled City,"Seoul has a number of such architecturally significant Gates - a necessity, being a walled city.  They are all a bit different, but worth seeing.  You can also see sections of the wall that surrounded Seoul. We found this one - the East Gate - after an evening walk along", March 2016
68,4.0,Gate of Rising Benevolence," The Eight Gates of Seoul in the Fortress Wall of Seoul in central Seoul, South Korea. The Korean name ""Dongdaemun"" means ""Great East Gate,"" and it was so named because it was the major eastern gate in the wall that surrounded Seoul during the Joseon Dynasty. A combination of", September 2015
69,3.0,Seoul history,Passing by Dongdaemun Gate every day when I was in Seoul.  Seoul was a walled city long long time ago and there are pieces of historical evidence passed down to the present day., January 2016
70,5.0,Great!,I decided to drop by since I was around the street. It's nice to snap some pics but it's usually filled with locals and tourists., September 2015
71,4.0,First thing we have seen in Seoul,The gate is located in a busy junction near Dongdaemun metro station and Dongdaemun Market. Walk up to the hilly park nearby and enjoy the view at night., October 2015
72,5.0,awesome,you have two options to get here: by the traing or you can just walk from myeong dong. I would suggest to challenge yourself to walk so you can appreciate the scenery: Cheonggyecheon Stream & Cheonggye Plaza to be specific., January 2015
73,3.0,Night view is great.,During the day the view of the great gate isn't so great but at night with the lights it's something great to be seen but it's not worth separate trip to see it. , October 2015
74,3.0,See it day or night.,This great historical Gate is surrounded by a large shopping area. It is very graceful in shape and its form and large in size. It is built in the style of the famous  Joseon period and designated as National Treasure of Korea No 1. at least a brief visit to the gate area seems, October 2015
75,3.0,Dongdaemun Gate,"Heunginjimun, one of the eight gates in Seoul. This is only a walking distance from the dongdaemun subway.", October 2015
76,3.0,Just a structure!,We didn’t actually look for the gate but while wandering in Dongdaemun we came across and that was the last picture for that night we took. good for fotos. After that we headed our hotel taking a taxi. Area around is very safe for tourist!, August 2015
77,5.0,Make it part of the circuit,If you want to walk and see the Seoul Fortress and Wall - and their gates need to be planned out in advance if you are here for only a short holiday.  This gate is impressive and most impressive when you make it part of an adventure walking the wall.  The wall is long and, August 2015
78,2.0,Just gate itself.,"It was a part of great wall, but most of them were torn down in the past. And this gate was burned few years ago, so it is not authentic version. You don't need to drop by this place at all. Just take a shot while you are passing by.", January 2015
79,3.0,Beautiful but the area is very busy,"The gate itself is beautiful and if you get a chance to walk along the walls up the hill you can really appreciate the scenery and get some great pics of the old/new with the gate vs city motif. At the same time, this gate is right in the heart of a busy intersection so it's", August 2015
80,3.0,"Difficult to appreciate, but area interesting. ",Getting close to this gate is easy but you never get a really good look to put it in perspective. It is in the middle of a very busy traffic intersection. Very interesting alleys and markets around this area. Very easy to get to also. The Cheonggyecheon stream walk is excellent, July 2015
81,4.0,A great piece of architecture,nothing to see here. unless you have a good tour guide. Lots of history and one of the few structures to survive the Korean war in this part of Seoul., March 2015
82,4.0,On of the grand gates to the city,"The gate is very impressive. The size of the lower stones, the bullet marks from the Korean war, and the two dragon mosaic on the ceiling within the gate, are all worth seeing. To get a picture of the dragon mosaic, place you tablet or phone on the stone floor and position it so", June 2015
83,4.0,tourist attraction,Stunting architecture with great history and huge local shopping district. Cheap and trendy clothing stalls/shops everywhere., April 2015
84,4.0,Cool to see,"Not so much an attraction as it is a site you'll come across when coming to Dongdaemun. The actual structure is quite impressive, while Dongdaemun is only good to check out for a short period of time...", June 2015
85,5.0,Most memorable cultural experience - seeing the real people of Seoul,"One of the most memorable experiences in Seoul.  The people are so genuine, nice, hard working, many elderly and prices were dirt cheap.  Definitely lower end open market shopping but got my super nice bright green hard case luggage set from the funniest elderly man that really", July 2014
86,3.0,East gate at night,On the corner of a heavy traffic area..4AM visit was more peaceful for a short outside walk to decompress after 14 flight from USA. Park is nice, June 2015
87,5.0,Nice view of an ancient city gate.,"The gate and nearby city wall are well preserved and worth a look when you visit Dongdaemun.  The city was at one time surrounded by a wall of stone blocks, which was quite high from the outside.", May 2015
88,4.0,you can buy the clothes and shoes reasonably,"You can buy many apparel by negotiating with store clerks by Korean language.if you can talk freely, here become more awesome place. it's so reasonable but cheap a little. that's why 4 star. teenagers and young people can enjoy uppermost.", August 2014
89,4.0,Open all Day all Night,"This is the place to shop after 10PM till morning!!  All shops are open all night long. Make sure you bargain on the price, as first price can Usually be negotiated for 20-30% less.  I do not like Korean street food, but if you do, there are plenty of shops for eating.  If a", July 2014
90,4.0,it is still  a place  to  be,Amazing  in  its  history  and  architecture   I haven't  been  there  in 5 years  but it  still  has a unique  charm and character .  When  you  first  see it and drive  by you wonder about  its  history  and marvel  about  what it took  to rebuild  after the war. Now it is, March 2015
91,3.0,A spot to take picture,"The gate is still under partial renovation, but it is a historic gate . When I visited there, it was long holidays and no shoppers around ,  I did get some pretty photos of it.", February 2015
92,4.0,"Good Place for Shopping Clothes,Kids Toys,Bags etc.","Best place to visit to buy Kids Toys, T-shirts, Jackets, Bags etc, in almost cheaper price. Night Shopping also very good for good and best prices clothes.", December 2014
93,3.0,Historical Gate,"Like the Namdaemun, this is another historical gate in the middle of an intersection. Apart from a few pictures to say ""I've been to Dongdaemun, and have seen the gate"", there's really nothing much else to see or experience.  Of course, as a shopping and eating destination,", November 2014
94,3.0,"An ornamental gate, but that's it.","The gate is located in the middle of a busy road. It was being partially renovated during our visit in July 2014. The gate itself, while rather big, sort of fails to impress during the day. It is only after dark, when it is dramatically lit, that it seems half decent. A 5-minute", July 2014
95,4.0,Interesting bit of History in a Market area,"Quite similar to Namdaemun (southern gate of Seoul), this gate is a nice piece of Korean traditional architecture. It was used as a checkpoint when the city walls were still existent but today it is just a memorial. I went hunting for it after I left the market to see what it", November 2014
96,1.0,Don't waste time. Take a picture and go.,"Right in the middle of the road is this Dongdaemun Gate. Nothing to see when you go close, so simply take a picture from far and walk off. That's it.", October 2014
97,3.0,Twin of Namdaemun gate,"Quite similar to Namdaemun (southern gate of Seoul), this gate is a nice piece of Korean traditional architecture. It was used as a checkpoint in the past when the city walls were still existent but nowadays it looks like a memorial. Nice for taking a few photos, when visiting", October 2014
98,5.0,Korean Icon,This gate shows the beautiful ancient Korean architecture and It is great that the restoration work has It still standing., October 2013
99,4.0,Only for Shopping,"If you like shopping, it is the best place, but for sightseeing, I do not recommend", March 2014
100,3.0,Under Construction,"If you plan on visiting Seoul and taking awesome pictures of the 'gates' that surround the city, I recommend you forgo visiting this one until construction and remodeling efforts are finished.  The local are has lots to offer for entertainment, I am sure once construction is", July 2014
101,4.0,"Beautiful, a must see historic site",A beautiful piece of history in Seoul. On the edge of Namdaemun market  which is a must-see  authentic market. We enjoyed hearing about the history of the gate from our tour guide., November 2013
102,4.0,Worth seeing if you like Korean history on Seoul,This gate is also known as Heunginjimun is one of the 8 gates of old Seoul - its actually quite beautiful sitting there all alone in the middle of the road no longer important as it used to be!  There are a lot of shops around the place so it would be good to add this in when, June 2014
103,3.0,Gate of Rising Benevolence,"More correctly known as Heunginjimun - the 'Eastern Gate' dates was originally established in the 14th Century. The current structure is said to have been built in 1869. Unlike Sungnyemun (near Namdaemun Markets) you could not walk through the gate, only admire its beauty from", April 2014
104,4.0,Great for a photo,"In its surrounding areas, there is great shopping and restaurants, even street food. Here at the Gate, we could only appreciate the massive gate, and took photos, however, there aren't anything to do so afterwards.", November 2013
105,3.0,Another shopping area in Seoul ...,"This is another shopping area in Seoul, dominated with fashion shops and stalls. Both along the streets and in the surrounding malls. Huge range of clothes (and prices) to be found there, if shopping excites you.", December 2013
106,3.0,Shopping at the Great Eastern Gate,"If you are here for the gate, you will be disappointed.  Take time to browse the many many buildings housing small stalls and stores.  There are both the modern and traditional shopping malls for all .. except the men, who like me decide to sit comfortably inside a coffee", November 2013
107,3.0,An Interesting Market,"The last time we visited Dondaemun was some 15 years ago.  This shopping area is known for mainly shoes,clothing & fashion mainly for the young or young at heart  The best shopping center is ""Doota"" where a wide range of fashionable clothes for the young are available. They have", November 2013
108,3.0,Dongdaemun,"this was not the shopping experience i was looking for.  buildings surrounding the suway terminal were mostly textiles, bulk buttons, lace...ribbon.  Something for a craft person maybe...not really stuff a tourist would want.  there was a small amount of this type of thing avail", November 2013
109,3.0,busy and crowded,this area was pretty crazy with people. lots of department store buildings. i only enjoyed two which was the doota and the new lotte fitin. i was not willing to check out cheap stores and try to negotiate prices or something like that. it was pretty cool but good to just go, August 2013
110,4.0,Huge fortress in the middle of nowhere,"There's nothing much except to take a few photos from several view points, but not many strategic shots can be taken as it is located in the middle of a busy intersection. Nevertheless, it is majestic in its own ways.", May 2013
111,4.0,East Gate shopping area,The Gate itself is called the East Gate but it does seem out of place since the roads pretty much cut right beside it.  The area however is a big shopping area with malls above and below ground there is also a shoe market right beside the gate., April 2013
112,5.0,Best shopping in Asia,"East Gate market has been our clothing shopping destination of choice since the 80's.  It has the best combination of Quality, selection, and price, found anywhere we have traveled in Asia.", November 2012
113,5.0,Traditional Seoul,"This is one of the places we always take visitors to Seoul. East Gate has new security but is in need of renovation.  Similar, but smaller than the great South Gate.  The shopping in this area, above and below ground is fantastic, and this is a good place to see a portion of", June 2012
114,4.0,Largest wall gate in Seoul,"This is the second largest gate in Seoul, and the largest city wall gate. Loacated currently in the middle of an intersection it seems out of place (as cars zoom past it and people sell junk from stalls down the street) because of its beauty and size. It is larger than most", December 2012
115,3.0,Shop till you drop.... Literally,"This a a huge area with many shopping centres and sections of things to buy buy and buy. Some of the places closes at 2am or 5am!! Unfortunately the subway closes around midnight =)  If you got chance to stop and look around, try walking down the canal if possible. It gives me a", December 2012
116,4.0,Very cool and right in the middle of traffic.,This is a cool area to visit. Plenty to do and see. You will have fun exploring the area with all the coffee bars and shopping areas., January 2012
117,4.0,great area,the door is located close to great shopping with great entertainment all night!   and there is also a nice walk near canal               , November 2012
118,5.0,Culture and Heritage,UNESCO is right to make this gate as a world heritage site because it is good to preserve the place as a reminder of the great kingdom that was Korea., May 2012
119,4.0,only gate left from the past,"Since the national treasure number 1, Namdaemun(south gate) was burn down by a drunken man, the value of dongdaemun becomes more precious than ever. Since it is located in the middle of busiest rotaries in Seoul, be carefule to access this gate. This gate is more beautiful after", January 2012
120,3.0,want to go there  at march 2012,"hi, im attending to visit dongdea moon market next month - march 1012.  I'm going to buy hole sale garments to together with a friend and would be very happy for some information : 1 - is it a good time in the year to visit there ? (no constraction or any holydays ... 2 - can", February 2012
121,5.0,Cheap clothes and bags for women and men!,This is a total shopping paradise for shopaholics!!  There are plenty of shopping complexes in this area and also wholesalers. You can buy almost everything here. A tip for shoppers is the Doota shopping complex sells almost the same stuffs that can be found in Migliore shopping, October 2011
