,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,A Fine Park for a Founding Father of Korea,"It was a peaceful late afternoon, when I visited Doran Memorial Park in the middle of Gangnam-gu in Seoul. Entry is free - it's a public park, with hundreds of trees, the tomb on Dosan Ang Chang-ho and his wife, a large statue of Dosan, and a Memorial Hall. There are shelters", September 2019
1,4.0,The only green humble pie in the precinct,"I stumbled into this park, walking around this rather upmarket precinct. Directly opposite the park entrance, is a golden Sulwhasoo Building. As I read the signage, I realized that this is a memorial park for a man known as Dosan Ahn Chang-Ho. I hadn't a clue. He must be some", April 2017
2,5.0,Park,Memorial and Park. This is the heart of Apgujeong. Ideal for couples and families looking for a quiet afternoon, May 2017
3,4.0,Gorgeous Park,"I really liked the greenery and the peacefulness of the park, there's also exercise machines for you to exercise on.", April 2016
4,4.0,Memorial park ,"So the Koreans have been attacked so many times that they have a real quest to build a Korean National Identity and as part of that they have to celebrate their national heroes. When Gangum was still just padi fields, they had a big burial ceremony for Dosun who did great things", June 2016
5,4.0,Peaceful,"This is a nice park for relaxing and finding some peace there are nice views from here, of the river, the north side of the city, and southern Seoul as well. I'd recommend a visit. ", February 2016
6,3.0,Decent View,I read about this little coffee shop online and was excited. This may be what caused me to feel disappointed. The coffee shop is quite small and they really only have coffee. The view is the best aspect of this coffee shop., May 2015
7,5.0,A must see for ITF Taekwondo members.,"If you like Korean culture or do ITF Taekwondo, this park is a memorial to an important person. DoSan's history is celebrated here. There is a museum, which was closed when I visited. There are excellent clean public toilets. There are signs in English and Korean, rocks with", March 2015
8,5.0,Always a Serene Visit,"Dosan Park is a wonderful easy and serene place to visit in the midst of all the hubbub and traffic of Seoul.  It's next to shopping and spa areas, and also nice restaurants, so you don't have to go to just the park.  Very great place!", February 2015
9,4.0,"Tranquil, Relaxing time","It should be stressed the historical reason for this park. It is a very well done act of remembrance for a Korean historical figure. Complete with a large statue and a museum. Maintained and kept clean.  Now, if you have no interest in learning about Dosan, then yes, it is a", November 2014
