,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,The best typical park in Seoul,, October 2018
1,5.0,My second favorite park in Seoul ,, November 2017
2,5.0,Underrated and a great place to stroll,"It's amazing that few people talk about this place. It's a big park with a lot of grass, a hanok, a fountain, a museum for kids, a cafe, and the best part: an observation deck where you can get a great shot of Seoul. You can see all over Gangbuk and even see the Lotte Tower Building from a distance. The best thing about this place is that it's free! If you want to park here, it's ₩300 every 10 minutes. I recommend this place highly especially for families or with your special someone.", August 2017
3,3.0,Ordinary,, October 2015
4,5.0,Probably the best park in Seoul,"Among the large parks in Seoul (Seoul Forest, Hangang Park, Olympic Park...) Dream Forest is probably the least well known to foreigners. This is mainly due to its location in the fairly underdeveloped Northeastern part of Seoul. If you want to experience Korea as it is for many people, going to Northeastern Seoul for a few hours is a good idea : most of the city's other attractions are located in more affluent neighborhoods, and ""traditional"" or ""nostalgic"" spots (Namdaemun, Insadong) can feel a bit fake and designed for tourists. Going to Dream Forest is the perfect opportunity to walk around these smaller Streets, with smaller shops and fewer foreigners. And going to Dream Forest is the perfect opportunity to do so. The park/forest itself is nothing short of amazing. Located on a hill, it is designed kind of like a ski slope. Start at the top(near the observatory), and gently walk down the park. Each area has its own feeling, and it almost feels like a ""course"" that you can take with different areas. You have the observation tower (check it out, the view is amazing), the art all, the main building with its shops, a huge plaza, then a huge lawn, a pond with traditional Korean buildings, a flower and bamboo park... And on each side of this main course, you have the actual forest where you can go to exercise and enjoy the nature even more. Another great thing about the park is that more than any other one in Korea, it's very family friendly, so you'll see a lot of locals playing with balls, R/C car, kite, or playing badminton, while others will be picnicing or taking a nap. Definitely one of Seoul's hidden treasure.", April 2015
