,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Good mix of old and new architecture,"Interesting Campus with a mixture of buildings, nice to walk around.  Close to Bongwa temple and the area of EWAH is fun and interesting to explore.", February 2020
1,2.0,Don't come here,It's disappointing because it's closed for tourists because of corona virus pandemic. Come when corona virus ia gone , February 2020
2,4.0,Must visit!,Very historical university. Beautiful campus with a mixture of historical and modern architecture. Visited during winter and the campus outlook would be good for photography enthusiasts , January 2020
3,3.0,Spot for Photo opp and for shops,"There are 3 spots here that make good photo backdrop for your Seoul trip album. The oldish colonial building with magnificent steps (very British), the modern design wide concrete slope that leads to the steps in the background, and the flower beds.   After the photoshoot, head", December 2019
4,4.0,Iconic university ,The university is impressive. Physically and academically. But many people come here for the shopping. Less crowded then Myeondong but probably same price. The problem as in most Korean shops is that they do not display price and you have to ask for it and become suspicious that, September 2019
5,5.0,Beautiful university!,"Honestly I visit Ewha, because of how beautiful the architecture is there and not for the shops around the university. Sure going towards the massive campus you have several different stores, but by all means focus on the beautiful architecture of the university.", June 2019
6,5.0,Spring 2019 👨‍👩‍👧,It was our 4th family holidays in Seoul and first time stayed in Seodaemun area.We stayed in this area for our first 3 nights and it was a walking distance to ewha shopping area.We also went exploring the Ewha University for our second time visit (first was in 2017) Here there, May 2019
7,2.0,"Great for women, awful for anyone else","As with most of Korea, geared towards women. So if you’re here for clothes shopping it’s a Mecca! A few places to avoid- baviphat- popular cosmetics shop, but with fake prices on everything - you don’t know until you pay. There are also a couple of men’s suit shops, no prices on", May 2019
8,4.0,A nice university,I come here with my closed friend. It's a nice university with a good landscape. Ewha is the combination of East and West about architecture. The entrance is very huge. Nice place to walk!, December 2018
9,3.0,Street in front of Ewha Woman's university.,"C ( 18.10.29 ) I visited there on my way to promise. There was good to foreign traveler, but for Korean there was just normal street. Once upon a time, there was crowded by traveler and shopper, but now just so-so.", October 2018
10,1.0,Worst shoe shop owner ; ewha uni shopping street,"Don’t ever go to the shoe shop at the end of one of the alleys. The owner threw the shoe, shouted at us and tried stopping us from exiting when we didn’t want to buy the shoes we were trying.", September 2018
11,3.0,A faded glory,"The street was famous of its 10,000 won bags and 1,000 won socks in the past years.  However, when I visited last week, many of these shops were closed and therefore, my choices were very limited.", July 2018
12,3.0,Not worth a visit unless you're really into makeup,"I wasn't terribly impressed with Ewha Fashion Street - a LOT of Korean makeup brands at the same price you'd find in a major US city ""Koreatown."" I found it especially baffling that 2 major brands would not sell single sheet masks, but wanted me to buy a minimum of 30! How am I", July 2018
13,4.0,For the young generation,"Great for shopping, targeted at the younger generation and ladies. Less crowded than Myeongdong so walking around was more comfortable. The street food carts also sells at a cheaper price. Not so much of skincare shops, it has mixture of clothes and accessories (socks, earrings", April 2018
14,4.0,Great shopping,"Great place to shop for cosmetics, fashions and knick knacks for good quality and under budget. For the men or those who would not want to shop, there are also many cafes and restaurants nearby.", May 2018
15,5.0,Excellent shopping street for cosmetics,"This is an excellent street for cosmetics, fashion and knick knacks. And good news for the men who don’t dabble with cosmetics, you get to comb the many food stalls, cafe and restaurants for food, drinks and snacks. I prefer this kind of streets to shopping centers which can be", June 2018
16,5.0,Shopping at Ewha,Definitely a place for women who are into fashion. They provide a wide range of clothing for teenagers to young women and working adults. On good days you may get very good buy and quite a number of clothes are reasonably priced. They also have the higher end as well for those, June 2018
17,5.0,Ewha Womans University Street,"Very nice shopping area for youngster, there is eatery everywhere. Shopping starts when you are out fron the train platform.", June 2018
18,5.0,A shopping street mostly for the youngsters,It is a shopping paradise for youngsters and students studying in the university. The things are so much cheaper than those in Myeondong and more variety too. The staff of the stalls and shops are also much friendlier than those in Myeondong. This will definitely my 'Must-Go', April 2018
19,4.0,shopping,"There are many korean brands cosmetics shop everywhere,  Ewha university is so close to the station, street foods are delicious. ", May 2018
20,3.0,Famous university and some shopping and eatries...,Ewha Women’s University is a famous place where people loves to take photos of the church building and the slope design building.  There are many cheap eateries around the area and also sell most ladies clothes for obvious reason. 😬  Take note! There is a ‘famous’ cosmetic, April 2018
21,3.0,I was disappointed.,"Not that much shopping, though prices were significantly cheaper. All the clothes were similar and not much variety. ", April 2018
22,4.0,Youthful ,Yes myongdong has more to offer but this is a university district and the clothes here are comparatively cheaper than dongdaemun and myeongdong area!, March 2018
23,5.0,Nice vibes !,There are alot of fashion stores here in Ewha women univ. The prices here are very mouth watering. You can buy alot of winter coats and jackets in a very cheap price if you go in winter (not sure about other season). The area near the university is so beautiful. Must visit !, February 2018
24,2.0,Nothing much to miss,You would find better in Myeongdong. Overrated street. Not really recommended for a tourist as you can find same or better products in Myeongdong., December 2017
25,5.0,Cheapest Deal Especially for Cosmetics,"What I like about Ewha University, not only that they have beautiful architecture and surroundings but also the street shops offer cheaper price than any other places in Seoul. Especially for cosmetics.  In one of the shop called Baviphat, they sells extremely cheap stuff. Good", November 2017
26,5.0,Fashionable yet appropiate price for clothes and bag ,"The street is closed to 2,3 Exit from Ewha University Subway Station. This place is full with store of clothes, shoes,bag and accessories to food. Price are reasonable and most of the store are easy to find. You may visit to Ewha University before or after your shopping.", November 2017
27,4.0,Relatively cheap compared to other areas,I was able to find a few relatively cheap coats and sweaters in a few shops along this street but must really dig deep for it. I like the general style of the clothes sold here., November 2017
28,5.0,Hunt for Cheap Deal,"I couldn't find what I liked in Insadong (1st day) and didn't know where else to look for young trendy fashion for my tween (mainly) and me (if there is anything suited me) in Seoul, I did a last minutes search and thanks to the TA, I came here for trying my luck, at the same to", October 2017
29,3.0,Not worth the visit,I am not really sure why this is listed as one of the must see shopping places in Seoul.  There is nothing unique or really that interesting about the shops here.  Dominated by the same cosmetic stores you see elsewhere it is a few blocks of shopping.  I would not go out of my, September 2017
30,5.0,Trend setting fashion street  for young women,This area is famous for trend setting fashion among young women. Lots of university students shop here. We visited the area to shop after visiting Ehwa Womans University nearby. This area is very accessible by subway.  Prices were reasonable since the shops cater to the, October 2016
31,4.0,Good place to shop,Comparable to Hongik University in Hongdae shopping area but not as big.  You should experience a visit here to compare.  I personally prefer Hongiik Univiersity area the prices are about the same and there are more stores to be found., May 2017
32,3.0,Lots of stores; beware: BAVIPHAT,"Many clothing and makeup stores as well as places to eat. Unfortunately, the clothing stores don't allow people to try on tops. However, you can try on bottoms. I'm not sure why...maybe because people are sweaty in this hot weather. There are many clothing stores that carry the", July 2017
33,5.0,"If You're Shopping, Spend a Day Here","I really had a lot of fun shopping here. We came here in the morning, so I don't know how busy it gets later in the evening (after the work day and such), but it was a much more peaceful shopping experience here than Myeongdong. Pretty much every major Korean cosmetic brand has", October 2016
34,4.0,Fashion haven,This is the best place to shop for good quality clothes. Price wise is on the higher side as compared to the normal market place but the design and quality is really good, July 2017
35,5.0,Budget Friendly Shopping Paradise,After visiting EWHA Uni we headed to the street shops along this area.  My daughter told me she felt like stars coming out from her eyes because of seeing trendy clothings and others.  Indeed it s a budget friendly shopping paradise.  Highly recommended if you are in a budget, August 2016
36,5.0,Young people paradise,"There are lots of fashion shops in the area, especially you can easily find some cheap bags and mobile case in the area. I have bought a small bag which only cost me 10000 won. Besides, there are also several shops selling icecream, juice, coffee and other snacks which is", May 2017
37,4.0,Good Place for Shopping,"Ewha Fashion and Shopping Street can be an alternative than Myeongdong for cosmetics and fashion shopping. You can drop by Ewha Women University, take pictures in front of the famous Ewha main gate and explore the shopping street after. The main shopping street filled with", April 2017
38,4.0,Shopping,Can go to the university to take photos first then go to the street to shop. Many pretty affordable clothes. There's stylenanda and line with friends store there as well so you can take photos there., May 2017
39,4.0,Great bargains," This is an underrated shopping place in Seoul. Seriously, especially for ladies out there, this is the IT place for shopping! It’s not too crowded, the amount of shops is not that overwhelming, and shops give better offers here. Also, they sell clothes which are very affordable", April 2017
40,5.0,Must Visit Shopping Gem,Always a must go/visit for my trip to Seoul :) must also eat their street food along the fashion street :) During Cherry Blossom season will get to see it there too :) Ewha University entrance cherry blossom tree is beautiful too, April 2017
41,5.0,Great place for shopping  ,"The great place for shopping. Not branded but the quality is just nice. Worth to buy. Also have the food street like in Myeondong. Handbag, clutch,clothes,shoes, everything is here. I've bought handbag with 10,000krw only. ", December 2016
42,4.0,EW street,Right next to the Campus. Lots of Coffes and some restaurants to choose. Good shopping as well around, May 2017
43,5.0,Get your beauty products here!,"Lined up with major beauty product stores such as Etude House, Missha, A'pieu, Laneige, Tony Moly, Holika Holika, Innisfree, Skin Food, etc. I got most of my beauty haul here. Not too crowded and some promos are better than the ones i found in Myeongdong.", April 2017
44,3.0,Pretty Campus with stylish yet affordable fashion street,"Really love this campus,  the garden is beautiful, the area surrounding with nice cafe and fashion shop , you can find Korea cosmetics shop near here.", April 2017
45,4.0,Small but good,Fairly easy to get to- didn't have any expectations because I went here on a whim. Not as big as many other places but it's quite affordable and there's a lot of stylish trends here. You'll find many in style shoes and accessories as well as some food places!, April 2017
46,3.0,"aweosme place to shop for things, like cosmetics","if you want to visit a college town, here is the place for you! its busy with college students and young Koreans. really trendy area of Seoul. ", March 2017
47,4.0,Fun place to shop and roam around,The area is smaller and easier to explore compared to Dongdaemun or Myeongdong. The building where Line store is located is a must visit as there are a number of shops in every floor., November 2016
48,4.0,Love this shopping area!,"There's just so much you can buy here because of the affordable prices! You will be able to see many shops selling similar design of clothes and bags and shoes in other places but much more expensive. But here, price is good! Street food is good too:))", February 2017
49,4.0,Girls' Shopping Paradise,Girls' Shopping Paradise and not to worry of not finding at least one item to buy. Trust me I shopped till drop and need to money exchange., February 2017
50,3.0,Honeymoon @ Ewha Womans Fashion Street ,"We went to this Fashion Street early in the morning at about 10am. Shops start to open and several are still closed.  There are shops selling handphone accessories, shoes, socks, bags, clothing and street food.  Socks selling at KW$1000.  Streets are up and down hills so be", February 2017
51,5.0,Ladies Favourite ~ Food & Shopping ~,"A lot of shopping selling clothes, bags, mask and more! We went there to try most of the food stalls before shopping around. Worth for a visit and you will love it!", October 2016
52,4.0,Ladies place,Everything you see is all about women . If you are looking for causal shopping for young girls and ladies  this might be one of the options., February 2017
53,4.0,Tons of fashion & girly things in the affordable price!,"The streets & alleys around Ewha Womans University have tons of fashion & girly things in the affordable price! You can get cloth, bag, shoes, accessories, cosmetics, gadget, etc. More over, there are a lot of salons with reasonable price.", March 2016
54,1.0,Nice surroundings of shops but with average mean & agressive service manner,"After visiting Ewha front campus, it's within minutes of walk to reach these fashion street, it floods with shops selling owned or no brands of apparel. We did try 3 to 4 shops, and all of the shop people were very mean, long face and aggressive once you showed don't buy. It's a", December 2016
55,5.0,Your wife's favourite street,It has all of the shopping that a woman desire. The fashion street is big enough for you to shop for days but not much of a place to look for food. Some even visit there for a korean haircut!, December 2016
56,5.0,Great Shopping!,"This is a great street to go shopping for Korean fashion.  There are little shops and street vendors everywhere you look.  Trendy, cute, low priced items geared to young, college age students.  Plenty of things for older folks too, socks, jewelry, and much more.", November 2016
57,5.0,"Charming university town: Good views, Good prices.","How did I find out about Ewha Woman's university? I asked the tourist office where is the best place for a manicure/pedicure & hair styling services.....and they pointed to me Sinchon / Ewha Woman's university. At my first visit, I was just checking out the area.  Alighted at", November 2016
58,4.0,Shopping haven for young women,"As it is located near Ewha Women's uni, this area is a shopping haven for young women, although they do have items for men as well. Items here are affordable and trendy, but the style is geared mainly towards young korean women. If you want to do some shopping but are on a", November 2016
59,4.0,shopping heaven ,"it's at ewha women's university station, (green) line 2, exit 2. you can find great deals from skin care, clothing, bags, accessories and many things more, sometimes it's even cheaper than myeongdong and underground shopping malls, since it's at the university area? it's really", November 2016
60,4.0,Young Ladies's heaven if you love shopping,"This area is a great shopping area for young ladies as it located close to Ewha Women's university with lots of the cosmetic, clothing, cafe and some street food, but there are not many restaurants in the area.", December 2015
61,4.0,Shopping near to university ,It's near to the Ehwa Uni and will pass through this street as it is along the road toward the university. A shopping street similar to Myeongdong and a place to visit. , November 2016
62,4.0,"Shopping for 10,000 won, catered to the young and young at heart","Wanna look like a kpop teenage girl? This place is packed with small shops selling all sorts of cute outfit that is very suitable for young and trendy. If you are looking for office wear or something more formal, then I suggest, giving this place a miss. Afterall, if you wanna", October 2016
63,4.0, Evening shopping ,"It is a very interesting place for young ladies as their prices are most reasonable and nice little shops with fashion, accessories  and interesting caps too. Love that place as it is special and much better than myeongdong as the merchandise there are more unique and not so", October 2016
64,4.0,Perfect for ladies,"If you are looking for trendy fashion, shop here first before you shop anywhere else! It's very affordable and reasonably good quality. We bought more stuff here than elsewhere in Seoul. ", October 2016
65,4.0,Great shopping area ,Lovely shopping area with lots of shops and some really nice cafes. Everything is cheaper here cause it's close to a uni but remember to negotiate prices and don't get ripped off , September 2016
66,4.0,"Awesome shopping,cheaper than Hongdae","I find it cheaper here and has lots of variety in fashion items as compared to Hongdae. There are jackets that cost 10k won but with very nice quality. That's aroung Php450.00. Also, I found items here from 5000-15,000 won which are very cheap and are really nice clothes.", September 2016
67,4.0,Quick shopping,"If you think Myengdong is too big and takes too much of your time shopping, go to Ewha's Fashion Street. It is not as crowded and Myengdong nor it has as many shops, that just makes you feel lost... Whenever I go to Myengdong I feel lost and I walk all around the same place many", October 2015
68,3.0,Popular shopping area,"I found the clothing selling here are similar to other shopping area.  However, most important this shopping street is much more peaceful and quiet than other shopping streets in downtown.  I felt comfortable here.  After visitng Ewha Woman's University, suggest come here to", July 2016
69,4.0,The street you want to visit for women’s shopping,My family and I got there by alighting at Ewha Womans University station on Line 2 and then take Exit 2 or Exit 3.   We spent about 2 hours here on a sunny weekday late morning and the ladies in my family still couldn’t get enough of it! They found shopping here to be more fun, June 2016
70,4.0,Great shopping but be careful!,Less manic and chaotic than Myeongdong although there isn't quite as much choice (understandably). I strongly recommend you visit a cosmetics store Baviphat that sells numerous Korean cosmetics brands - I've read some reviews/posts suggesting that they sell fakes but the items, August 2016
71,5.0,Hair salons and cheap food and clothes,I wish I spent more time here.   I went to Sinchon for a hair cut at Lucy's Hair and then walked to Ewha. It was busy here especially in the evening.   I came across a restaurant for anchovy noodles which was so cheap! Lots of bars and cool stores for young people. , August 2016
72,4.0,Price more reasonable than Myeongdong!,I came here to shop after visiting Ewha Women's University. Some of the prices are similar to things to buy in Myeongdong but some of them are cheaper!! I prefer the environment here compared to Myeongdong too because there are less tourists and not so crowded. Definitely, July 2016
73,4.0,Shopping paradise,"It is a must go for petite ladies! A lot of affordable fashionable clothing, accessories, bags, phone cases, stationary. There are a few dessert cafes there for you to take a short break before shopping again.", December 2015
74,4.0,Awesome University VIew,"We had a walk around here and HongIk Street before heading to N Seol Tower. It was rainy day. We managed to visit museum inside the University and stopped at the bakery there. I am amazed with the University buildings and there was a church there too. Due to time limit, we just", December 2015
75,3.0,Good buys if you are small in size,The fashion street is near the women's university. There's plenty of cheap buys but don't expect them to be of quality. There are many stores that don't allow you to try. So it's buy first and hope for the best. I found the sizes to run small and extra small so it's quite, July 2016
76,5.0,Awesome shopping and food treat,"Other than admiring the beautiful university here, venture into the various lanes for a fun shopping experience. Food and street snacks are found along the way hence there is no worry if you need stop to replenish fuel and rest.  To get to this place, go by Line 2 Ewha Women's", June 2016
77,5.0,One of the best shopping spots in Seoul,I was blown away when I arrived at Ewha Women's University Fashion Street: It was chock full of nice eateries and the best place (in my opinion) to score cheaper than usual skincare products and cosmetics!   I stocked up on almost a year's worth of skincare products and, December 2015
78,4.0,Very beautiful refreshing place to visit,"The building design and surrounding landscaping is very unique and beautiful. Especially during spring, the surrounding was so colourful. It will be nice to picnic there. ", March 2016
79,4.0,shop!,"Tons of clothing, accessory, shoes and makeup stores lining the whole area. Great place to shop on a budget, prices are relatively cheaper here than in Myeongdong. There are a lot of cafes and casual restaurants too. Set aside half a day for serious shopping.", April 2016
80,5.0,Shop til you drop,Really nice place to visit and stay. The food especially the korean chicken is a must try. The things sold here are cheap as well. A must visit for shopaholics and budget travellers., September 2015
81,4.0,You wouldn't want to miss this!,"Say, expect that the prices are cheaper for the reason that it's near Ewha University. There's really a plethora of choices quite similar to Myeongdong but cheaper. Don't forget the list of things to buy and the budget! Shop, shop 'til you drop! :)", April 2016
82,4.0,"Many stores, but the same products","I used to be an exchange student at Ewha Womans University, so most of the time spent in that area. First weeks, the street amazed me with the stylish, but not expensive clothes, cosmetics and other different girlish staff, however after some time just realize that in every", September 2015
83,4.0,"Great finds, hidden gems!",Away from the hustle and traffic of the likes of Myeongdong and Insadong.  Prices here are lesser for the same quality of goods and services!  Bought a great pair of leather boots and more skincare from this area. Be prepared to walk-a lot!  Bring a trusty Friend who would carry, April 2016
84,5.0,"Forget the other places, just head here.","This is probably the best place in Seoul to shop. Clothes, bags, shoes, trinkets, accessories, makeup etc etc. The alleyways and streets are filled with your usual shops you see elsewhere but there are also many unique and independent shops here and there. Things are very", April 2016
85,5.0,"First place to go for clothes, bags and beauty products shopping","We were surprised at the prices of clothes, bags and beauty products here - easily up to 40% off from streets like Myeongdong. The unisex bags all at ₩10,000 - I bought 3 bags in one go! We shopped in Myeondong first and kind of regretted buying stuffs there.  The beauty", March 2016
86,5.0,Still a great place for clothes,Every time I go here I end up leaving with lots of shopping bags. Prices are ok and some even these days negotiable. Nice surroundings. You should also take in the university campus. It is not a place for guys though. , March 2016
87,5.0,Girls you wouldn't want to miss this paradise ,"This place is absolutely girl's shopping paradise. Bags, clothing, accessories, cosmetics and etc.  You can find cheap buys at most of the shops. Starting from ₩10,000 - ₩30,000. I recommend IT GIRLS  (the shop name) their apparels are affordable and fashionable. The retail", February 2016
88,3.0,Too old street...,Maybe early 2000s... here is best fashion street. but now just in front of Ehwa. But Ehwa is nice university. great view.  My opinion - Do you know korean fashion? go other street?, December 2015
89,5.0,I love shopping at Eida,We arrived late at the place and didn't really get to see the university. But Eida shopping street is awesome. The selection are mainly for younger crowds and the prices are quite affordable. My daughter loves this place. She bought shoes and clothes. I got very nice bags at, December 2015
90,5.0,Good place with affordable clothes,Fashion street near ewha university.not very crowded with tourist. Able to find lots of cheap clothes and bags (: must visit olace in seoul !, January 2016
91,4.0,For the ladies,"Although the streets aren't as crowded as Myeongdong, or as big as Hongdae, its a pretty good place to hang around and shop for clothes and cosmetics.  And if you want to take a picture with you're friends or family or your significant other, I recommend you to go to a studio", January 2016
92,5.0,University Area for Cheap Food and Clothes!,"If you love to shop cheap clothes (but of course with good quality, since you're in korea :p) than you really have to visit this place! Ewha Women's University (Edae) is a very well-known area for its cost-friendly surrounding. You really cant stop once you started to shop here,", May 2015
93,3.0,Ladies fashion street!,"Get ready to bargain and shop girls..! This area is one of the most popular shopping districts in Seoul. The prices are also very cheap compared to shopping at other parts of Seoul since it is targeted at students. Here, you will find a number of stalls lining the streets", May 2015
94,4.0,Bring your Girlfriend here.... They will love it,"Seoul Girls Paradise... Coffee Shops, Cosmetics,and clothing. Bring your girlfriend, have some fun in these streets. Many pretty korean girls are shopping in these places or walking around the campus. Recommended!!", November 2015
95,5.0,"Shopping, street food and the Ewha University",This street became very familiar due the fact that our daughter is studying at Ewha. Almost everything for young ladies. Personally I enjoyed to mingle with all the street food stands and they were not just a few., October 2015
96,4.0,Still a joy,"Back after a little over a year and it's still a joy to be there. Friends went crazy over the stalls, especially for the KRW10,000 handbags/backpacks.", October 2015
97,4.0,Shopping!,"Clothes, bags, street foods! All are sold with cheap/ reasonable price and good quality. The street/s have much to offer. There's performances nearby (maybe from the college students) and anything that will pique the students' interests.. and of course,  at students' friendly", November 2015
98,4.0,Girls would love it!,"Me and my friend went during the weekend, not wanting to disturb the University students during their normal school hours during the weekday.  We went into the University to take photos and had our lunch at a nearby restaurant.  The University was grand and beautiful and the", October 2015
99,4.0,Amazing university,Wow. I am surprised. I visited this place at night. it is very bautiful and kinda romantic place for a walk. The university is very different then we are used to. Lots of street food., October 2015
100,4.0,"Shopping,coffeeshops,street foods","Love it.Fashion stuffs are cheap and more variable compared to myeongdong (esp for the ladies).Coffeeshops are everywhere.Street foods are delicious.Small restaurants sold so many different stuffs,and so tasty. It's easy to find as well. Recommended.", October 2015
101,3.0,Plenty of shops and restaurants!,"There are plenty of stores and restaurants here around the area!! You can always get something cheap and nice in this area, but you just need to check several stores  first and compare the price. There are other places better than this area and you can get a lot cheaper clothes", September 2015
102,3.0,Typical Korean shopping street,There's a lot of cafes and restaurants on the way to the university. It would be nice if my university have this kind of surrounding too :( There's nothing special about the street. I prefer Hongik University street better., September 2015
103,5.0,Budget Fashion Street for Lady,"Budget Fashion Street for Lady, We notice alots of cosmetic shop and watsons is offer more offer and discount than town Myeongdong for Tourist. Spend minimum 30000w can Tax refund in cosmetic shop. And the clothes is fashionable and budget. We become shopaholic in this area. We", September 2015
104,3.0,Not as interesting as the one at Hongik University,We had high hopes for this shopping area and were left disappointed. The shops were not as good as the ones at Hongdae area so skip this place if you have to choose between the 2 shopping areas.   Toilets were difficult to find in this area too., June 2015
105,4.0,Great shopping and albap!!!,Great for shopping and albap (korean fish roe rice). I came here nearly everyday just to eat at alchon albap. There are alot of salons nearby too so if you want to do your hair when you're tired you have alot of options, September 2015
106,5.0,Nice photo taking,"A good and nice places to take photo, and around here are mostly women stuffs. Heaven place for girls. ", August 2015
107,4.0,Good area for cheap fashion items and street food,"Went to this place with my sister in April of 2015. It is easily accessible via subway (Ewha Women's University station, exit 2 or 3).  This is a good place to buy cosmetics and fashion items for women. This area near the school is relatively more quiet than Myeongdong and has a", April 2015
108,2.0,Hongdae is better,"Went there in the evening. Just 1 street of shopping, all for women so men should avoid this place at all cost.", March 2015
109,5.0,Shopping heaven!,"You can easily find clothes 5000 krw onwards and shoes 10000 krw onwards. There are also several cosmetics stores like laneige, nature republic etc. The shops along the main road are usually slightly more expensive, while the shops which are hidden inside the street are cheaper.", July 2015
110,5.0,My new favourite,"Ewha has a completely different vibe than Hongik. Compared to Hongik, it's not as bustling, there aren't as many stores, and you can't spend as much time here, but this is where I bought the most clothes! take your time to dig through the racks for treasures. Most of the items", April 2015
111,5.0,A life like no other,"Another shopping heaven which promises lots of discovery. But seen evidently that there is much more inside this small street. Life can be hilarious but live it.   Clothes, shoes and other stuff can be bought at a cheap price which is great. Inside the streets, there are smaller", May 2015
112,4.0,"Clothes, shoes, caps, cosmetics... it's a shopping heaven!!!","Being near a university (and a women’s one no less), the area around it is known as Ewha Woman's University Fashion Street. So expect lots of shops (and departmental stores) selling clothes, accessories, cafés, skincare, beauty salons and shoes – all catered to the preferences", November 2014
113,4.0,Shopping Paradise For Women,"I would recommend this place for ladies shopping as there are lots of shops selling clothes, shoes, cosmetics, skincare products, accessories, etc. The crowd here is young and the fashions/designs are mainly catered to this group of people. The prices are quite reasonable. My", April 2015
114,5.0,Cheap Clothes and Food,"Lots of clothes and shoes available here (10000 - 30000 won), possibly to cater to the younger (and less financially-capable) crowd here. My partner had an excellent time here shopping for cheap yet fashionable clothing and shoes. There is also a street full of cosmetics and", April 2015
115,5.0,Smoking place for a deal,"Compare to Myeongdong & Dongdaemun that are selling with Korean brands that you are not familiar with , there is really a smoking place for you to shop these trendy fashion which is value for money. The quality and material might not be the best, but it will be something good", October 2014
116,5.0,Excellent Hotel,"Excellent Hotel with excellent service from the girl staff, it's comfortable and home like.Thanks for the girl staff especially, who is so friendly and introduce so much in Seoul to us, it is so... helpful. Nice trip with nice hotel, will choose it next time!", February 2015
117,5.0,Especially Recommend if You're a Young Woman On A Budget,"In Korea, there are so many places you can go for fashion (Gasan Digitial Complex, Myeongdong, Dongdaemun to name a few). The area around Ewha University, however, would really appeal to the young lady on a budget.  Many stall sell 1 dollar socks, 10 dollar tops, 19 dollar shoes", February 2015
118,3.0,Fashion street for the youngsters,"You can find the similar cosmetic brands along this stretch of street. There are a few sidewalk stalls side street food as well. Nothing special, you can skip if you don't have enough time!", January 2015
119,3.0,"Not a ""must visit"" tourist spot for me !","Not necessary  a must visit esp for us older folks as target market is  younger people, There are many other shopping streets all over Seoul you can go shopping rather than here.   It' s not exactly eq to Tokyo's  Harajuku or Taipei 's Ximenting or Yarra Street in Melbourne or", November 2014
120,4.0,Good place to shop for women's clothes,"Good place to shop for women's clothes, in addition to the underground shopping arcade linked to Myeongdong subway station. The shop ""Natural Laundry"" sells beautiful one piece dress. Street food is more expensive than those available near Hongdae subway station exits. Plenty of", January 2015
121,4.0,Vibrant Student Crowd,"Like the Hongik Univeristy Street (Hongdae), this area caters largely to the young student crowd, so expect to find a lot of affordable eateries and cafes (try BeansBin for coffee and waffles!), as well as clothes/accessories shops and boutiques, many driving a good bargain.", November 2014
122,5.0,Bargains,The bagggs there are amazing in design and really value for money! although there are other bags in shopping streets everywhere in korea but i like the way the streets are arranged whereby you can get to choose so many bags within a short vicinity so as not to panic buy any!, December 2014
123,4.0,Many Chinese tourists Ehwa Women's University. Do you know why?,"If you walk around Ehwa Women's University fashion street, you will notice many Chinese tourists are walking around with YOU! There is a rumor among Chinese people, if you take a picture in front of the entrance gate of Ehwa Women's University or walk through this street, it", December 2014
124,5.0,Excellent Shopping,"I much preferred shopping for beauty products in this area rather than heading towards Myeongdong as the shops here offer better discounts, are friendly and give more freebies. It's also less crowded, which is a huuuuuge plus point.", October 2014
125,4.0,Place to Shop and Eat,It was near our hotel and a good place to walk through when getting back from sightseeing. Many eateries and street food. Do try the Queens Bagel if you are there., December 2014
126,3.0,Average,"generally selling the same things especially during winter - boots, socks and sweaters. Style of the goods across stores were similar but there were some slashes in prices at most places.", November 2014
127,4.0,It's Bargain with Interesting local hand made fashion accessories,Located just outside the Ewha University it offers variety of Bargain fashion and food  You do find Some of the Famous Korean Cosmetic like Nature republic there  but go to those small shop where there is a lot of interesting hand made fashion accessories at a bargain price.  Go, November 2014
128,4.0,Some of the best bargains,"Ewha Women’s University Fashion Street offers some of the best bargains whereby I have spotted items selling for about half of what was quoted in Hongdae. However, accessories (some claimed to be hand-made but I've seen replicates of other items elsewhere so I'm not too sure if", September 2014
129,5.0,tourist place,I like the affordable shopping and trendy shops in this Ewha university streets. More suitable for the young adults as their target groups and trends are more for the young generation., September 2014
130,5.0,Interesting mix,"Interesting mix of street cart food, stalls and shops, cafes, restaurants, stores make this area interesting and vibrant. Continue walking from Ewha woman university station to Sinchon station area makes it a one way exploration without the need of back tracking to take a subway", October 2014
131,4.0,Ewha university seoul south korea,Nice place for u to hang around for half day trip. Price of food and clothe is cheaper since its nearby school. , September 2014
132,5.0,Great shopping,"This is fantastic shopping area for the ladies. If you are looking for accessories and fashion, this is the place to be. :-) Of course, it also has the brand name cosmetic stores as well. During our stay there, there were many buses of Chinese tourists in the area. However, I", September 2014
133,5.0,Hottest shopping areas for young women in Korea.,"Shopper’s paradise, offering a wide range of styles and prices. The collection of trendy stores, bars, and delicious cuisine draws out throngs of college students and other freethinkers year-round, making this one of the most creative and energetic places in the city. ", August 2014
134,4.0,A place definitely worth going to,"Quite a huge place selling things related to fashion and beauty and delicious food. You can easily spot a few large stores having ongoing sales and selling their clothes at 10,000Won per piece. But qualities and designs are compromised of course, mostly street and casual clothes", June 2014
135,4.0,Interesting & Cheap,This shopping place near to the university is more suitable for young women or girls. They are interesting and cheap but the quality ain't that good. You'll find many shops selling almost the same design safe for a few shops which is outright unique., April 2014
136,4.0,Great shopping for (small) girls!,"I'll be up-front with my one and only complaint about this place: Their sizes usually run very small, there are usually no fitting rooms and no returns, and they will be very vocal about whether you're too big for their store (I've had shopkeepers turn some of my friends away at", July 2014
137,3.0,For the young at heart,"When we were first brought to this shopping lcoation, I was a little puzzled. Then I realized that there was a huge fashion street within the women's university itself, how cool is that?  There were many tiny boutiques and stalls selling clothes of very unique designs (not found", November 2013
138,5.0,A must-go shopping place in Seoul!,"If you have limited days in Seoul and you want to shop to your heart's content without burning your pocket, this is the place you must go! It has fashionable clothes (price as low as 10,000 KRW) and shoes that are cheaper than Dongdaemun, Hongdae and Myeongdong; major Korean", July 2014
139,5.0,a place for girls,"definitely a place for girls.  lots shop for girls and it's very safe environment.  you can buy fashion and make up haul. the make up haul is cheaper than in the myeongdong and less crowded. so, it's pretty comfortable to shop around here. i bought a lot cute socks here, 1 sock", July 2014
140,5.0,Definitely must go!,"A great place for girls, selling anything from head to toe. Most items are cheaper than what you can find in Dongdaemun or Myeongdong. A must go to purchase clothes, shoes, etc and mostly are made in korea.", June 2014
141,5.0,A seriously amaze place to shop,"Like quirky Asian fashion? This is the place for you to go. It is so cool an there are great little pieces, shops and gems to find. For any fashion traveller, dedicate an afternoon to exploring and bring some cash. ATM's aren't always handy. Grab a little coffee and ready, set,", July 2013
142,4.0,Good place for girls,"As the name implies, great place for girls. A lot of shops selling clothes, accessories and cosmetics. A lot of cafes. Street stalls selling street food and socks, stockings etc. Check out the numerous shops selling socks there. The socks are really cute and cheap -- around US$1", May 2014
143,4.0,"Pretty as a picture, easy on the wallet.","Went there when the weather was nice and cool, lots of shops selling stationary materials as well as clothes and makeup. Lots of those food carts as well, food is cheaper around this area, the clothes and shoes are not bad. Latest trends could be found here. You definitely have", May 2014
144,4.0,Good shopping for women,Lots of cosmetics and skincare products along the fashion street towards the university at reasonable prices., May 2014
145,5.0,Lots of shops- best price in Seoul,"U can shop at this shopping district in front of Ewha Women's University- a prestigious school in Korea. cosmetics, accesories, clothing, shoes, bags are cheap here. lots of places to eat too.  you can also check out the campus. it is neat with many amenities.- any one can visit", February 2014
