,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,An Underground Shopping Street,"My friend and I went there during winter time and we bought a lot of stuff. Their coat and sweaters are very fashionable and pretty affordable well. Do expect a huge crowd during weekends, not very pleasant if you want to do some proper shopping. There sell mostly women's", November 2019
1,4.0,Underground shopping bonanza,"A long underground stretch next to the Express Bus Terminal, easy to find. There is one shop after another, small stalls, non branded, selling everything from underwear to nights gowns. Surprisingly prices are extremely reasonable, for USD 5 onwards one can find something. It", September 2019
2,5.0,Express Bus Terminal Seoul,"The area is mostly full of ladies stuffs and other home decorations, accessories etc..  I went during Autumn and the clothes are cheap. You can also find other things there and it was a good experience.", November 2019
3,5.0,Excellent Shopping Place,"Convenient and accessible. Located at Express Bus Terminal station, exit 8. Love this place, neverending shops. Bought a few stuff from there. Suitable for females only. ", October 2019
4,3.0,shopping cebter,"There are many shops and mostly selling ladies clothes, shoes, accessories and beauty product. Prices are comparable if not cheaper then Myeondong though atmosphere is not comparable. There are also phone accessories shops as well as food outlets. ", September 2019
5,4.0,Recommended for women's clothing ,"I personally enjoyed shopping here more than the Hongdae shopping street (for women's clothing). There are two long rows of shops parallel to each other selling lots of affordable women's aparrel and jewellery. Not exactly premium top-class items, but decent quality for the", September 2019
6,4.0,Six days in seoul,"Actually this is the second time in Seoul, but this time me go shopping in express bus terminal underground , really its good experience , good quality, cheap, we enjoyed so much there, everybody whom visit Seoul should go there.", August 2019
7,4.0,Endless shopping but a better experience on weekdays,"Endless rows of shopping for everyone including shoes, clothes, accessories, spectacles, household stuff, food, anything! I made the mistake of coming here on a Saturday and ended up having to jostle elbow to elbow with people with or without trolleys. Beware of wheels! This is", June 2019
8,5.0,Great Shopping Place for Ladies Clothing,"There are many many shops in this shopping area and most shops offer very reasonably priced female clothing. To me, it's the best place to shop for clothing & accessories compared to myeong dong, Ewha Womans University shopping, namdaemun market and dongdaemun shopping district!", June 2019
9,5.0,"Chanel, Hermes and more . . .","There's not an upscale retailer which is not represented, though one may have to wait in line to get into the store. In addition, Shinsegae has a large store with an exceptional food market in the basement.", June 2019
10,3.0,Visit if you have time,This is a large underground shopping area with many shops selling clothes and accessories. We find that the shops sell similar things and the vendors are not friendly. Visit only if you have time., May 2019
11,4.0,You should come here before doing any shopping in Myeongdong,"If the purpose of your trip is to shop clothes in Myeongdong, you should come here first. The same item can be 30-80% cheaper than myeongdong or other tourist area.", April 2019
12,4.0,Adequate and out of the weather ,I did some souvenir and gift shopping last weekend when the rain was pouring down and i didn’t wanna stay in my flat all day. I took the Metro No. 9 express line (fantastic!) from VHS station and arrived at Express Bus Terminal very quickly. I wandered around underground and, March 2019
13,3.0,Mostly Ladies Boutiques,"2nd visit here. Mostly ladies boutiques, others like socks, HP covers, shoes,  cosmetics, men clothes etc. It's basically 2 rows of shops parallel to each other, walk 1 side then u-turn & walk the other side.  Somewhere u will find a bread shop, the corn cheese bread is yummy!", December 2018
14,4.0,Lost ! Lots !,"This place has changed a lot since I was there at least 3-4 years ago. It's brighter but more confusing. First, the there may be exits to the subway which you need to exit twice. That's mainly because express bus terminal stations is an interchange (bus and subways) with many", December 2018
15,5.0,Express Bus Terminal Shopping Center,"There are a few indoor shopping, dining center in the city that I get to appreciate more especially during winter when taking my two yr old son around.  Around the Gangnam area is the Coex and the Express Bus Terminal.   The EBT’s greatest strength comes from all-in-one compound", December 2018
16,3.0,Haha are we even in Korea?,"More tourists than locals especially from China and HK that anything else here. Rows and rows of shops selling similar stuff, all at reasonable prices and designs.  You’ll see things repeated in shops as you browse through more. Don’t expect to find great quality items here but", December 2018
17,5.0,Loving it ,"I love this place so much. Got lots of my bags, made from Korea at 10000won per piece. Good quality and nice designs. There's so many things to see, clothing, shoes and etc just like what you can get and see at myeongdong but of course the prices are much cheaper here. One might", December 2018
18,3.0,Shopping and food,"It's a very big station with lot of shops selling clothes, handphone assesories etc. mostly have shops selling the same stuff. Doesn't seem that we can bargain here although some said it was possible. There is a Japanese eatery which serves pretty nice food for the low price.  ", October 2018
19,5.0,Huge underground complex!,"You can spend hours under here shopping for cheap clothes, decor items and even some furniture. I'd highly recommend coming here but come during the afternoon, not when it opens at 10am because that's when most of the stores start to open up, not when they are all open up by.", September 2018
20,5.0,Cheap Finds!,"Forget about going to large departmental stores when you are in Seoul. Instead, head to budget shopping areas like this to get your cheap clothings. The prices here are so much cheaper than average stores in Seoul but make sure you look around the entire place first before", July 2018
21,5.0,Hundreds of stalls of clothes,"This is the place to shop for fashionable but inexpensive clothes. As soon as you step out off the train station, you will be overwhelmed by all the stalls that display fashionable Korean clothes. You can spend an entire day here shopping. If you have the money. ", September 2018
22,5.0,Cheap deal! ,"Always come here for good deals, most clothes are 10,000 won even pants! Fashionable and trendy apparels at good price , some even with good quality, good buy. When you are tired you can go to the end of the corridor and there are good fares, don forget to try the really hot and", August 2018
23,5.0,Lots of options,"So much here. Plenty of restaurants, shopping, access to buses and the subway. Great central meeting point in Seoul", July 2017
24,3.0,Be strategic !,"There are many stores but in the end, they are selling more or less the same thing.  I focus on clothing section only.  Don't have high expectations but it's an interesting experience to search for good bargain and negotiate with the aunties staff.  Better wear a facial mask", May 2018
25,4.0,One of the better place for shopping!,"I find the shopping experience here much more pleasant than in Dongdaemun. It is indoors, so it is ideal when it gets too hot or too cold outside. Price-wise, it seems to be cheaper than other place, with mixture of local-made and imported ones from neighbouring country. At", April 2018
26,4.0,Nice place,Not a big one. Still one of the best places to buy cheap clothes. Goto Mall is better than this mall. , May 2018
27,4.0,A Must shop place for ladies,"Similar to taipei railway station underground shopping area. Lots of cheap causal clothing, shoes and bags for ladies.  Trendy and you will be spoilt for choices. However, not many business wear or blazer for working. ", May 2018
28,3.0,The underground shopping mall,"We visited this shopping mall twice as we wanted to get shelter due to the rain. Not really a big underground mall but it has whatever you need. Clothes, shoes, accessories, makeup products and eateries. The prices of the apparel I won't say its very cheap neither too expensive.", April 2018
29,5.0,Shopping paradise,"A superb place to shop for cheap and trendy clothes, bags and shoes. Indeed it is never ending shopping. It is a long stretch underground shopping. Definitely creates a great shopping activity. We went there twice but still isn’t enough for us. Strongly recommend for fashion", April 2018
30,5.0,Great shopping experience ,This is like a never ending stretch of shopping mall next to the train station. Will take about 4 hours at least to walk the entire stretch without really browsing at shops. You can buy everything here and no need to go to Dongdaemun. The shops here have reasonable prices and, March 2018
31,4.0,highly recommend for shopping!!,this place is sooooo.. awesome! looking for a place to shop? Well I definitely recommend this place if you love shopping! but you need the whole day or even more...there's a lot of good offers from clothing and korean make up...this is literally shop till you drop..its left and, January 2018
32,5.0,Shopping Paradise ,"Forget all the underground shopping in seoul center, come to this place this is largest underground shopping i ever seen, there’s like chatucak market in bangkok but with concretely roof on it 😄. you can find almost everything here, clothes, cosmetic, housewares, flower, food,", August 2017
33,4.0,Good shopping place for clothes,Lot of clothes shops here Clothes are really cheap  Close to the subway station There are some food outlets as well, March 2018
34,5.0,I like underground shopping at the Express Bus Terminal,"I liked this Express Bus Terminal Shopping Center, the clothes were not expensive and the food stall there were good. Highly recommended.", December 2017
35,5.0,Remember to hold your wife's hand.,We came across this underground shopping center accidentally and was blown away by its massive amount of shops. The shops seem to be endless on both sides.  We spend a whole day shopping here and brought many stuffs. Had to stop my wife from buying more stuff as we had too many, February 2018
36,5.0,Seoulpping fun!,"After reading up blogs on shopping spots to visit in Seoul, the express bus terminal was our last out of the 5 places to visit (myeong dong, namdaemun, lotte world and  dongdaemun). It is such a little hidden gem as we were quite lost in the beginning coming out of the subway", February 2018
37,4.0,Cheap,"Came here with my sister to do some shopping. It's easily accessible by train or taxi.It's a long stretch and offers a good variety of cheap clothes. We bought t-shirts for 5,000 won and skirts for 10, 000won!   The main downside is that the sizes run small. For those really", November 2017
38,5.0,Better the expected ,This underground shopping mall located at Express Bus Terminal train station. It a long stretch shop and what ever item you can find in Myeong Dong or Dongdaemun you can find it here & much cheaper price !!  , November 2017
39,4.0,Shopping ,"Fantastic and varied shopping here.fsntastic clothes,bags,shoes,cosmetic s,accessories and etc.enjoyed my shopping here with my friends.will love to come back again.", November 2017
40,5.0,Express Bus Station Underground Shopping District,"I'm not a fan of spending more than 30min shopping for anything, but I have to say Underground Shopping center in Seoul (especially under the Gangnam Express Bus Terminal) is unique & fun. It's also an opportunity to observe Koreans, grab some discounted items (clothes, shoes,", July 2017
41,3.0,"Ok, if you have to kill some time","... when you have to wait for your bus. Some convinence stores, restaurants and small shops around. You can get wifi in the starbucks. Basic english speaking staff was available at the busticket office. ", June 2017
42,5.0,Shop Like the Locals,"Under the Express Bus Terminal and Shinsagae Store is an unexpected treasure of shopping.  Blocks and blocks of shopping, mostly women's clothes, bags and accessories can be found. The best shopping we found is directly under the road, so head down the subway steps entrance 8.", June 2017
