,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Beef and seafood,"Visited the seafood, dried food, beef and kimchi sections.   Tried different kinds of shells. Clams were fresh.   Raw fish was above average. Abalone was not particularly fresh.   Beef was good.   We were introduced to a restaurant at the basement by the seafood store. Service", January 2020
1,4.0,Very Good Price for Seafood and Not Touristy ,It needs a bit of walk from the nearest metro station (same name Garak Market) which station is not at city centre where the actions are taken (50 mins from Jongno-gu station). We need to walk through some openair wholesale vegetables and fruits markets before reaching this, July 2019
2,5.0,"discover, enjoy and taste the freshness of garak fishmarket","discover, enjoy and taste the freshness of garak fishmarket; u will see nearly all types of sea foods from live pufferfish to dried flying fish; clean, busy and absolut the trip worth from seoul city center (jongnu) or gangnam - easiest to reach by orange metro line number 3", March 2019
3,4.0,A very clean seafood market ,"We went there for lunch on a Saturday. Many local people than tourists were there. We first bought our fresh seafood from the wet market on the ground floor, then we went to the second floor to get a restaurant to cook the seafood for us. Prices were  affordable and reasonable.", October 2018
4,5.0,Garak fish market,"Walking 1.5 km’s from hotel arrived initially at fruit market and a little further we came upon dried food market , fresh messy and then the fish market walked around for some 15 minutes and purchased some fish and still shelled  muscles etc. quality of food good as majority of", November 2018
5,3.0,Pushy,My husband and I were staying at an AirBNB close to Garak Market so we decided to check it out. We did not buy anything but the people working were really hustling for you to buy something. You couldn't even really look around without them trying to sell their produce in a very, October 2018
6,4.0,Seafood seafood,"There are three seafood markets in Seoul, Garak Market is the one far from city center at the south of the river. This was picked for my dining option after visiting Common Ground, which is along the way of subway. Having done some online research, despite Noryangjin Fisheries", April 2018
7,5.0,Be Adventurous,"One of the best nights I had in Korea. Lets put it this way..... you just have to be willing to go through the hustle and make it work. NO, they don't treat tourists the same but I understand why. This fish market is for locals and they are looking to make money and not", March 2018
8,3.0,It would be better if you bring a local friend along,"Me and friend went to Garak Market, but we did not eat there because we were avoiding disappointment due to misunderstanding between us the tourists and the stalls.", December 2017
9,4.0,Fresh seafood ,"Local seafood market . You can buy the seafood then bring to restaurant, they will cook for you as what you want with cooking charges.", November 2017
10,1.0,Gangsters and Crooks and Korean police absolutely no help,"Family of four visiting the Garak market for a supposedly fun day. However, upon entering, it turned out to be the worst day of our trip.    Starting from the entrance, fish mongers block and hassle your every step.  They badger, touch, and grab as you walk by their stalls. I've", July 2017
11,4.0,Garak Wholesale Market,"I went to this market about 3 years a go. I come here only for walks and see the atmosphere around. This market is so broad. Variety of agricultural and fishery products are available here. The thing that make me amaze is this market is very clean, as traditional market. I do", December 2015
12,4.0,Garak Market ,"There are some restaurants around the area, especially for sea food. A shopping mall around the area, nice, not too loud place to relax and go for a walk", August 2016
13,4.0,Cheap seafood and large fruit market,This market is not close to the city.  And the seafood is much cheaper the one in the city. Nice and friendly people.  It took us around 45 mins to get there by railway from Myeong Dong.  Great nice place.  You may find some fresh fruits there too.  We had a lunch there and we, August 2016
14,5.0,Cheaper and better seafood market,This place isn't exactly close to the city but it is close to an outlet street and Lotte mart (both near Garak station) as well as Lotte World (the theme park situated in another station nearby).  The market is huge and I got a bit lost when I got out of metro.  The exit which, April 2016
15,5.0,Great seafood,This market is less known to foreigners than the one in Noryangjin market and less tourist friendly.  Yet the seafood is as fresh and the price is in general cheaper than that of Noryangjin.  It is better if you could speak a bit mandarin or Korean if you would like to bargain, December 2015
16,5.0,It never ends!,"Row upon row of everything edible (and some I wasn't sure of). Walked a 4 km row that had nothing but vegetables, crossed over and walked 4km back with every fruit imaginable. Then we entered the fish market where we could choose any stage of the life cycle (baby octopus, full", August 2015
