,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Not worth the detour,"Recent and modest temple, notwithstanding the impressive gate and some nice landscaping. I was somewhat disappointed, also because it took a while to get there, as the place is not directly accessible via the metro - it's a 25 mn walk from the nearest subway station.", January 2020
1,5.0,Hidden gem in the middle of the city,, April 2019
2,5.0,Buddhist Temple off the beaten track,"On our walk back to the subway after a visit to the Korea Furniture Museum we stopped in to wander around the grounds of this Buddhist temple located in Seonguk-dong.  The temple was founded only recently in 1997 yet we imagined it had been here for much longer.  Entering in through the front gate our eyes were immediately drawn to the rows and rows of colourful lanterns hanging over a large amount of the outside space.  The grounds were very peaceful and relaxing.  The temple offers a range of Buddhist programs, mediation classes and temple stays.  This destination is not near the city centre, the nearest subway station is Hansung University on Line 4, take Exit 6 either walk as we did up hill for twenty minutes or I have read that there is an option to take a bus.", April 2018
3,4.0,Fascinating history,"It's certainly very new as far as temples go, but I wanted to see it due to its unique history. It seems the website describes the property as a former restaurant, which it technically was, but in reality it was a famed gisaeng house where back door politics would regularly take place. The owner, a former gisaeng herself, donated the property and it reopened as a temple in 1997. It still retains the original structures, and the grounds are fairly large and a bit different in layout from other temples I've seen. Worth a stop if you're in the area to see the Furniture Museum and are interested in the history.", April 2016
4,4.0,"Quiet, beautiful temple","This temple is nestled in a very quiet, wealthy neighbourhood in Seongbuk-ro. It is a little bit of a walk from the main street, although there is a shuttle service bus from one of the bus stops along the street. We went a little late in the evening so there weren’t many people. Very peaceful and quiet and if you venture further in towards the back of the temple you could get very nice views of Seoul. Korean temples tend to be really beautiful and this is no exception.", April 2016
5,5.0,Impressice,Well worth walking by and checking out this impressive temple.  Very well restored and maintained.  Nicely perched in Seongbuk.  While it is lovely - I would not make this a dedicated special trip - but incorporate it into your tour and walks around the area, September 2015
6,3.0,A very quiet Buddhist temple complex,"This temple is located in a strikingly quiet neighbourhood of Seoul and it seems to get very few visitors, at least in winter, so visiting it was a very relaxing experience. The compound includes at least as many modern buildings as traditional ones, which did temper my already limited enthusiasm. The souvenir shop was closed, which makes sense the place being so undersubscribed. They advertise Templestay, so you could spend the night with the monks if that's your thing. As with all traditional Korean architecture as far as I know, you do not go indoors at all -visitors are not allowed anywhere inside, and winter in Seoul being what it is, wearing seriously warm clothing is essential, or even better, time your trip in another season.", February 2013
