,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Concert,It was cold were we waited to go up to the floor to joine the concert. A big hall outside Seoul town., December 2019
1,5.0,Fantastic Place for Queen Adam Lambert 2020 Concert,, January 2020
2,5.0,Fantabulous SBS KPOP Concert 2019 ,"Went for SBS 2019 Kpop Concerts at Go Cheock Sky Dome. It is amazingly huge and big. Really enjoy the KPOP concerts features anchoring group like BTW, TWICE, MAMAMOO and many more. The stage lighting and performance is amazingly fantabulous, and exciting. Love the performance overall is worth the money and time to come here. Here is the place not to be missed. What a place to spend xmas over here ☺️☺️☺️", December 2019
3,4.0,"Organized Staff, Sound Just Okay",, December 2019
4,5.0,Great for the U2 Concert!,"Some may disagree but I found this to be the perfect venue for the recent U2 concert,. The 'vibes' and the acoustics were both right and a great time was had by both my friends and myself. The arrangements for bag storage were exemplary and we even got to see and chat with the band members as they arrived. An awesome night out.", December 2019
5,3.0,Stadium,"Very big. Very round. Very far away. Very crowded. Basically, a stadium. If wanting to see a sporting event be sure to try and get tickets in advance. However, with that said the websites for Korean sport teams are very protracted with a lack of English.", October 2019
6,3.0,I have a question about attending a concert,Are the floor tickets there good? Is there enough space for people to stand and see the stage or is it cramped ? Am hoping to attend a Queen concert in 2020 and was wondering, June 2019
7,4.0,Heroes vs Giants Baseball Game,"Differences between baseball games at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, CA vs here: Food is much cheaper, but there are no vendors selling at your seat. A box of about 25 meaty chicken nuggets was about $10 and fed 3 of us. Water bottles were only $1, beer only $3. Cheap seats were $13. Only 1 merchandise location outside the stadium so shop before or after the game. No 7th inning stretch or kiss cam, but they had cheerleaders and contests, and even an American player on the winning team. No rap music to suffer through, but fans know their chants and fully support their teams. there are restrictions as to the size of bag you can bring in and types of bottles, so check the website before you go. We entered with ticketless entry on our friend’s phone. Easy to get there by train and beautiful area.", May 2019
8,4.0,The Weeknd Concert,"We went to see The Weeknd here.  This stadium is huge and a great place to see a concert.  However, coming from the western world, if you're not seeing a K-Pop act, the crowd will be fairly timid and relatively quiet.", December 2018
9,5.0,Korean Music Festival,"We went here for the korean music festival and had a very good experience. A lot of fun, and the area also had good temperatures (probably aircondition), which was perfect for us to escape the hot summer weather.", August 2018
10,5.0,Huge stadium and a nice place for event.,The stadium is huge and surprisingly warm during winter. Commuting to the sky dome is easy. I had a great time watching Big Bang concert on 31st December 2017., December 2017
11,4.0,"Fun, cool--as in AC--place to watch Korean baseball","It's a bit more sterile -- and of course cleaner--than Doosan Bear's Jamsil Stadium, but there is no better place to be when its 90 degrees outside and the fans are going wild, the entire 9 innings. For the best experience of watching Korean baseball sit in the sections in front of the ceerleading stands -- 104, 105, 202, 203 for home team Nexen Heroes and 110, 110, 208, 209 for visiting team. If for just watching baseball, anywhere is good. As prior reviewers noted, one of the major drawbacks is lack of few food choices and the menus are in Korean (no English help)", June 2018
12,5.0,Baseball season! ,"I finally got to visit this stadium for the Hanwha Eagles vs Nexen Héroes, and the fans make the visit next level! The food stands are plentiful with so many options to choose from. Everything from pizza to sushi and beer. Thanks for having me!", June 2018
13,4.0,Very Good Atmosphere,"Went to my first every baseball game (Nexan Heroes VS Lotte Giant's) and even though it was a poor game there was a very good atmosphere, although I suspect it was mostly from the noisy Lotte Giant away fans. The stadium is a massive indoor arena and is nice and cool with the aircon on. Good food and plenty of variety within and outside the stadium and there is a quaint little fan shop where you can find all the essential merchandise and also very fancy jackets. I also enjoyed the product competitions during the breaks in play even though I don't understand Korean, I found it really entertaining. I am not a baseball fan but I might consider going to other matches in the future because of this match. Good location for the stadium near subway station and there is also some futsal football pitches next to the stadium of you fancy a kickabout before the game.", May 2018
14,4.0,Great stadium in Gocheok,"Finally I got to go to the Skydome.   Generally, great stadium.   Well designed, looks great and holds the noise really well.  A few little glitches though.  There is not a lot of variety for food when attending a baseball game.   There are just a few chicken shops and a small convenience store or two.  Also, the service there could be a little better.   I know tonight was busy and all, but the servers there could ask more questions about the ticket people want, and the tickets could be a little clearer telling people about seating etc.   Generally though, the stadium is great and I am sure they will add more to it.", May 2018
15,4.0,BIGBANG BIGBANG,I was here last year during bigbang final concert in seoul before they left for army . Yhe stadium is HUGE . Definitely a good place for a concert and it's indoor that's a plus for me !, December 2017
16,5.0,Came here for Wings Tour Final ,, December 2017
17,3.0,good place for the concert,"this place is very easy to go and find, after come out the subway you can see it already. I go to see concert, this is a very good place to have the concert, it is big and comfortable, but after the concert the traffic not enough we need to go to eat dinner until the people less then can easy to get on the subway.....", December 2017
18,5.0,It was fun!,We went here for a live concert of awesome Britney Spears! And this place is exactly what you need to watch the concerts of such and amazing celebrities like Britney! A lot of place. Many redtrooms and smoking booths. It was amazing time for me and my wife!, June 2017
19,5.0,Great Baseball Experience,"The Gocheok Sky Dome is one of the most interesting baseball parks I have visited. It is far from a ball park in the U.S., but it is wonderful in it's unique way. The building is massive and the creative design is a sight to see. Inside the park is not so much impressive, but it has a couple of highlights. At the top of the dome natural light comes through and you can catch the silhouettes of airplanes passing by. Being there for the World Baseball Classic it was great to sit, watch, and listen. The acoustics are excellent which makes for a great experience for a ball game since Koreans like to cheer during the game. I would try to avoid sitting far down the first or third base line because the seats do not turn at an angle and have you head turning during the game. Outside and under the Sky Dome there is a small mall with a whole bunch of food choices. There is even pizza! There is also a small convince store to grab a beer and a video arcade to pass the time. You do have a choice to bring in your own food/beer inside the ball park if you want, but concessions inside are not expensive. Just personal preference on what you want to eat or drink.", March 2017
20,5.0,WBC!,"Amazing experience! Although smaller than expected, the Dome looks great inside! Would love to come back", March 2017
21,3.0,Absolutely zero things to do around the area,, November 2016
22,5.0,Gocheok!,Amazing park. MLB quality. Can't wait to visit again for the pool play of the next World Baseball Classic. 50k fans can fit easily, August 2016
23,4.0,Modern Building,Spacious place with comfortable seating. Facilities are excellent and modern with fantastic wi fi. Good location too., July 2016
24,5.0,Great Views and Atmosphere,, June 2016
25,4.0,Chicken & Beer,Went to my first baseball game last weekend and had a great time! Baseball is a bit different in Korea than the U.S. And seemed to have a little less energy. It's definitely not boring though. They even have cheer leaders haha. One of the most unique things to me was that you can bring outside food and drinks so we stocked up on none other than beer and chicken. Unfortunately our team lost 0-14 but had a blast!, April 2016
26,3.0,Korea's first indoor baseball stadium,, November 2015
