,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Great Food! Eat like a local..treat like a star!,First went in 2015 and return in 2019...we called them Ahjumma Restaurant..the very first restaurant when you reach the alley. Taste still remain great as before from their grilled fish to nakji to sondubu jigae...banchan absolutely superb! Ahjumma to Ahjusshi to Hyung were so, February 2019
1,5.0,Excellent food at extremely good prices,Grilled fish at Dongdaemun Grilled Fish Street. The cutlassfish (top piece) had an amazing natural sweetness and a soft texture.  The Spanish mackerel (bottom piece) had a ‘mackeral’ taste that’s much more fragrant than the usual mackeral we eat in sg. This was so good we came, October 2019
2,3.0,Just grilled fish but it is a local experience,"We (or I should say my wife) were looking for shoe street, went the wrong way and followed the smell. We went into the first restaurant and went upstairs, had to take our shoes off but the floor is clean, just the ceiling is low. If you are not flexible don't go upstairs, you", October 2019
3,5.0,Best grilled fish ,We have been wanting to try grilled fish and search online and found there is a grilled fish street in Dongdaemun so decided to try since we are going there to shop. There were alot if grilled fish shop in the whole street. Initially we wanted to try the first store that we, September 2019
4,4.0,Great food street in the beart of Dongdaemun,This is a really nice food street located beside Dongdaemun Shopping Complex and specializing in grilled fish but also with other kinds of freshly cooked seafood. The place is pretty vibrant with lots of vendors grilling their fish outside their small restaurants. You can see, July 2018
5,5.0,"Excellent, cheap and healthy option","This place was quite tricky to find but we’re glad to find it. From JW Marriott Dongdaemun walk north along the river until a bridge. Turn right and find a small alley - if it’s a smokey alley you know you got it. The shops are small, if it’s full, you might have to sit upstairs", October 2018
6,4.0,Greatfood,I was here and soul on business so I wanted to grab a quick bit to eat.   This place came highly recommended by all the locals and some of the other visitors that were staying at my hotel. Your dad a couple of the different dishes cause I was going to take one back with me to, October 2018
7,5.0,Late Lunch on Sunday,"I and my partner went there for late lunch last Sunday. Luckily there are a few shops still open, we ordered set of grilled fish (Mackerel) and spicy squid ( Sotong Pedas). total damage KRW17K for two. very cheap and taste good.", March 2018
8,4.0,Not for late dinners,"We went on a Sunday after 8pm and most of the fish shops were already starting to clean up (though the whole chicken soup restaurants in the same alley were still pretty packed). Thankfully, the grilled fish shop that we went in closes at 9pm so we still had some time to eat.", March 2018
9,3.0,Nice cheap food,"Me and friend wanted to have some cheap food and we ate at Jongno. Each of us did not spend more than 10,000 won.", December 2017
10,5.0,Must try grilled fish in Dongdaemun,"In Dongdaemun, there is an alley that has a lot of restaurants which offer grilled fishes menu. You can choose one of them. I had my dinner in one of restaurant (but I forget the name) since the owner was welcoming us warmly. They have 2 floors. at 1st floor, they have tables", October 2017
11,5.0,Value for Money,"There's a whole street of shops selling grilled fish. We order 3 fishes, Mackerel, Swordfish and a third fish that we weren't sure what it was. Nonetheless, it was good, fish was well grilled and tender. We spent about 26,000 won, which was due to choosing the unknown fish and", December 2017
12,4.0,Well worth a visit ,"A place to down a bottle or two of soju ( 20% alcohol ) with a set meal, approximately 7,000W per grilled fish, served with rice, miso soup and pickles. Very fast and friendly service. ", September 2017
13,5.0,Great grilled fish lunch.,"Grilled fish is a better alternative to bbq beef amd pork-- healthier and  more reasonably priced ($30 vs $80). The market is lined with several fish restaurants, so use your gutfeel to choose the best griller who can entice you to come inside their place.", June 2017
14,2.0,Closed on Sunday?,  I went on Sunday around 6 pm and the place was closed. No stalls were open for business. Quiet dissapointing because I really want to try their grilled fish and spicy octopus.   Is it closed every Sunday or only for special occasion? I don't think 23rd of April is a public, April 2017
15,5.0,Great place to eat ,Eat like a local and experience how regular people eat and live.  This area specializes in grilled fish of all types. Must visit!, May 2017
16,5.0,Grilled Fish Abundance!,"This is by far the best grilled fish place I have seen, smell and eaten. Everything tasted just perfect, seasoned perfectly tasted well perfect! The best tasting Soon Du Bu in my humble opinion. A must visit and must try place!", April 2017
17,5.0,Vacay ,"If u want find some halal food n cheap u have come here..near marriot hotel..the owner of the restaurant very polite n friendly..the street quite hard to find, so u need to ask people to het there..", November 2016
18,5.0,delicious and affordable,"common, but delicious fish grill. taste just right. excellent service. seller even give extra fish as service for ordering two fish. very kind.", April 2016
19,3.0,Worth a visit,This is one of the best places for street food I found in Seoul. Since the location is quite central it's easy to reach.Close to the large fashion shopping mall and the Dongdaemun Palace., April 2016
20,4.0,Worth The Money,Halal food for Muslims since it is Grilled Fish. Went there twice because of the food. It is truly the best!  Very cheap compare to other halal restaurants. If you go there please do order the Grilled Fish & also the Sundubu Jiggae. Worth the money.  The hospitality from the, April 2016
21,4.0,Good eats  ,"Have been to the grilled fish street twice. Very inexpensive, good food. We chose to stop at a couple different shops to compare...it was all good. Service could've been better as they monopolize how u can order trying to manipulate u to order more. There are also establishments", February 2016
22,5.0,Worthwhile For The Long Walk,"From Dongdaemun, we walked cross several small street and finally arrived one with many shops selling fried fish.  Though these shops are usually small and local in style, the fishes they fried were absolutely delicious.  We have to repeat our orders in order to compensate for", December 2015
23,4.0,Delicious Local Fare Not To Be Missed!,"A Must-Try for Foodie!  True local fare offering taste of different type of grilled fishes, served with rice and side dishes. We ordered 3 servings (1 fish per serving) of different fishes for the family, costing abt 7,000 won per serving (quite affordable). And all gone in 15", December 2015
24,5.0,A must visit so you can taste variety of Kimchees for low prices,"For every fish you order, there will be complimentary rice, cold water and also variety of banchans (kimchee) that come with it. Make sure you try different stalls so that you can taste different types of banchans. Price is low and wont rip your pocket.  A must visit but make", March 2015
25,5.0,So good we went back twice!,"This street is like a little dark street off Dongdaemun. Even now when I think about it I might salivate! We went back twice to the very first store, which had TV interviews. Even with a meal for three, the bill came to around £18 only!!! Fish is fresh and grilled to order - our", September 2015
26,5.0,Must try. Real local food.,Love the fish. There're many kind of fish to choose. Also love the other dishes especially Kochujang pan fried pork. Not convenient for big ground and small children. Most restaurants are small and crowded all the time., April 2015
27,5.0,"A must see for those who want the ""hidden Seoul"" experience","I found this place on my second stint in Seoul and absolutely loved it. Its small, cramped, a little dirty, but a must see for those seeking the ""authentic"" foodie experience. You can get any fish from the East Sea grilled up for next to nothing and they've got tons of it. The", September 2014
28,4.0,A Must Try - You'll be Wanting More,"Its very easy to locate actually,and we found this alley during our first visit to Seoul in Winter 2013...ordering was also easy because they are so friendly...prices are reasonable too as each order comes with a bowl of rice and lots of varieties of Kimchees. Different stall", June 2014
29,5.0,Great grilled fish,"No frills, no fuss - just great grilled fish amidst the hustle and bustle of the Dongdaemun area. The alley is easy to spot as it is lined with grilled fish restaurants. Unclear of which is the best, I just went into one randomly and found it to be tremendously good. The", August 2013
30,4.0,Very good meal and very cheap!!!,"I like the fish, and they also provide plenty of side dishes. I accidentally discover this place when I was walking a round to find a shine nearby. The hostesses in the inn that I ate are very friendly. They cant speak English but, you can just point at which kind of fish you", January 2013
31,5.0,Restaurant after restaurant of charcoal grilled fish!!,"I'm specifically rating the section of the street with the grilled fish and not the surrounding stuff- the street vendors, the stores, the hustle and bustle of bolts of fabrics being delivered on mopeds, etc.  There's a small stretch of alleway full of restaurants that serve up", June 2012
