,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Great for Walking and Chilling ,"The park is very beautiful and provides excellent opportunity for walking or jogging since it is stretched along the old railway. In the heart of a lovely Hongdae district it is surrounded by many lovely restaurants, cafes and fashion shops. Lots of old buildings nearby have", October 2019
1,4.0,Heart of Hongdae,"Wonderfully relaxed way to spend an evening in manic Seoul. Right in the heart of Hongdae, with bars and restaurants lining either side or the park to enjoy with a picnic.", September 2019
2,5.0,Urban Forest,The park was created when the Gyeongui railway went partially underground. Tourists and locals can enjoy the greenery and urban culture of the park. There are a lot of restaurants in case you feel hungry while strolling., November 2018
3,4.0,Nice & Cozy Park in the middle of the City,"It's a park in the middle of Seoul city, around Yeonnam-dong (near Hongdae). It surrounds with many nice cafe, restaurants and small shops. The space is quite large and cozy. Good for picnic and spending time with family, friends or love ones.", April 2018
4,4.0,Delightful and buzzing,"We walked part of this this evening, from the Sinchon end into Hongdae and it was a delightful walk. The first part was clearly ex-railway and had been turned into an arty area with various sculpture.  Regrettably part way along was blocked by buildings including a new one being", April 2018
5,5.0,Gyeongui line book street,This is a stand out location in the heart of Seoul suitable for different activities. Occasional shows and performances are also common. There is a library in the street and an old abadoned rail road., July 2017
6,5.0,A nice place to picnic (Yeonnam-dong),Gyeongui line forest park is formed by a few parts and I visited the park in Yeonnam dong (연남동 구간). This place is getting famous around Koreans and foreigners as it is known as a good venue to picnic. There are some grounds for people sit around and picnic. You can see a lot of, July 2017
