,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Gyeonghuigung Palace,"Kyonghui Palace is not as big as Gyeongbokgung Palace or Deoksugung Palace, but it is one of the most meaningful palaces in Korea. I recommend it because it is good to travel to Korea and take a look at the inside of Gyeongbokgung Palace in your free time.You can feel", March 2019
1,4.0,Only Number Two Palace But Impressive,"This was one of five palaces built in the 1600's by the Joseon Dynasty and this was seen as number two.It had some 100 small and large buildings but many were destroyed by the Japanese in 1908 but what remains  or has been reconstructed is very impressive,It is well presented and you can spend some time here.", September 2019
2,5.0,Beautiful small palace,"There were minimal visitors, so it was peaceful to wander around.  The palace area is small compared to others.  Nevertheless, the roof and ceilings of the buildings are beautifully painted.  Perhaps as the colors are still so bright, the palace looks new, hence, not visited by many tourists.  There is a park at the back outside the palace and you can see locals exercising or practicing martial art.", September 2019
3,4.0,Lovely Palace Complex ,, July 2019
4,3.0,Why visit?,"The Palace of Shining Celebration was completed in 1623, but destroyed during the Japanese annexation. Even the historical plaque states: “Even though some parts of the former Palace were reconstructed, the present palace looks very different from its original features.” So-o-o-o why would one want to visit? Perhaps because the walk southeast along Jeongdong-gil is so pleasant.", June 2019
5,4.0,Recommended who those to avoid being crowded,, June 2018
6,3.0,Peaceful,"In the buzzing Seoul. A good place to slow down after a day in the busy Seoul city. Suddenly, you’ll feel the time slow down. Take a slow walk around the compound, take some pictures and enjoy the shade of the trees.", June 2018
7,4.0,"Kukong ""korean version"" attraction, a must see","This palace locates at front of mountain for good fengshui, good luck, prosperity. It takes at least 1 hour to complete all major sites without hurry. Queen residence has its tragic story with beautiful architecture. Main throne hall is best picture spot with background of mountain. Tourists who dress in Hanbok are exempted for admission fee. It closes on Tuesday.", May 2018
8,5.0,Inspiring ,Gyeonghuigung palace is one of the amazing historic sites you can enjoy in Korea. You can arrange for a guide to take you around to know more or just google the history and leave your imagination to wonder and be the guide for yourself. It is beautiful site with a great architectural details.. You will need a comfortable shoes and dress to be able to walk around comfortably.., April 2018
9,4.0,Amazing Place,This place is small but you will find a very interesting part of the Korean Culture and history form Korea. Not too visited by tourist so it is very peaceful and not crowded. Entrance fee is free, April 2017
10,4.0,Take your time. Look up!,, March 2018
11,3.0,"Need More Promotions, Tourists, and Care",, November 2016
12,3.0,Tranquility,"Gyeonghui Palace was one of the five grand palaces built during the Joseon Dynasty. Unfortunately the palace was devastated by fire and was later torn down during Japanese occupation to build a school for the Japanese citizens. What is now at the site is a re-construction in the 1990s. A small photo exhibition about Gyeonghui Palace history is on display. It is not a popular spot for tourists and hence a rare spot to enjoy tranquility in bustling Seoul. Part of the palace ground is now the site for the Seoul Museum of History.  To go there, get off at Seodaemun metro exit 4 and walk for about 10 minutes to reach these two locations.", January 2017
13,3.0,Smallest of the palaces in Seoul.,"Not particularly significant compared to the other palaces, but still worth a visit if you want to see Seoul History Museum or the 'Hammering Man' statue nearby.", October 2016
14,5.0,Must see location,"Amazing Korean history, After Gyeogbokgung, one of the most amazing places. Definitely must see. Yu will find a very interesting pat of the Korean Culture.", May 2016
15,5.0,💙,, May 2016
16,5.0,Peaceful and one of my favorites!,"Right opposite of City Hall, this is the smallest palace in Seoul- small an cute but like its other palaces, a very sad history due to the Japanese occupation. Not too visited by tourists so it is very very peaceful and not crowded. Very clean grounds and neat to have it smack in the city, the palace makes a good starting point to learn about the history of the country. Walkable and well-located, if you are by City Hall and you have time then visit the palace ( get a group ticket to save money instead of buying individual palace entrances).", June 2016
17,3.0,Peaceful and quiet palace,This palace is the smallest (much of it was torn down by the Japanese) but it is free and peaceful and next to the excellent history museum so well worth a visit. Not much to see so it will just take about 15 minutes., February 2016
18,5.0,Off the Beaten Path,"This is one of those palaces that people don’t know much about.  No crowds, nice and very relaxing visit and it's free.  Supposedly one of the haunted palaces in Seoul and it is convenient to the Seoul Museum of History.", May 2016
19,4.0,Lovely!,"This may be the smallest of the five palaces, but it's certainly no less beautiful. It's set up like the others, just on a smaller scale. We enjoyed our visit and would recommend it if you're in the area.", February 2016
20,3.0,"Smallest of ""Five Grand Palaces"" of Joseon Dynasty",, October 2015
21,5.0,Nice place,This was my first of many museums in Seoul to see and like them all so informative and full of beautiful, June 2015
22,5.0,"Underdog among Seoul palaces, but for no reason!","Definitely worth visitng Gyeonghuigung Palace! Unlike the other Joseon era palaces in Seoul, this one is free and still offers much to see.", October 2015
23,5.0,Beautiful,"Why husband and I arrived just after 10 on a Sunday and found the Palace was completely empty, we had the most magical time wondering around on our own, it was quiet, sunny and we got some beautiful photos. The palace is so beautifully kept, the painting is still pristine or renovated so well which ever the case. Right next door to the Seoul Museum of History and the Art museum so fitting it all into one day would be easy. Line 5 (purple) to Seodaemun exit 4", September 2015
24,5.0,Beautiful Palace,We walked all around and took pictures of this beautiful palace.  We were almost done and a gentleman walked up to us and let us know about the pond outside of the palace.  We would not have known it was there if he hadn't let us know! So if you visit make sure to go outside to the pond.  It is worth it., May 2015
25,3.0,Small and simple,Only visit this palace if you are nearby visiting the Seoul Museum of History. It looks the same as every other palace and the throne room is the only thing there is to see. If you have been to other palaces in Seoul you could skip this one without missing anything., July 2015
26,5.0,A perfect hidden gem!,This is a palace that is hardly visited by many people so it is very quite and serene to visit and take your time to stroll. Its not as big as the other palaces but still worth the time to check it out (and get those photos without other tourists in your shot!), March 2015
27,4.0,Its a nice place for a stroll.,"Its a nice place to go on a date if its not too crowded with tourists. Overall, its a nice area, and there are a bunch of museums inside as well. There is a lot of history and ceremonial guards there to watch how it was back in the days. Also, there is a Children's museum there that is free, but you have to sign up a list for a waiting time which isn't so bad. Overall, its a good place my sons love it since its open space to run around for them as well.", July 2014
28,4.0,Nice Palace.,We went on New Years Eve and drove.  We parked at lot behind the museum.  The only fee we paid was for the parking.   This palace is a smaller one.  It was not very busy when we where there.  I liked how it was built into the hill and had staggered levels.  In the back corner of the palace is a rock formation with some history.  It was nice to be there without crowds.  It is adjacent to Seoul Museum of History so you can easily do both if you want., December 2014
29,5.0,Changing Of The Guard,"In the middle of the modern city of Seoul, there is this magnificent Palace.  The ceremony of the changing if the guard is very interesting, filled with pomp and circumstance. The colors of their uniforms are bright and beautiful. They are tall and march with dignity. It is very hot in Seoul in the summer so a good hat with a brim and ir an umbrella s helpful.", July 2014
30,4.0,Very Good Starting Place for Getting to know Korea,The palace is an excellent place to begin in Seoul.  It gives a good perspective of how Korean nobility and the Kingdom of Korea was before modernization in the 20th century.  It takes about 45 min to see and although it is a restoration it has been done to a high level of detail., May 2014
31,4.0,Free entry,, December 2013
32,3.0,If you have time,This is palace surrounded by high rise new constructions virtually it had lost its glory. but still shows the living pattern of royals in ancient life style. Comparing with other palaces (i think about 5) this is not that majestic but if you have sometime worth a visit., April 2013
33,3.0,Minor Restored Palace,, June 2012
34,3.0,with museum,"even if is is included in 5 memorial palaces in Seoul, the size of the spot is small. The historical meaning of this palace is more important than the  outfit, itself. This was the symbol of the royal family's power in Joseon dinasty before it was faded away.", March 2012
35,2.0,Give This One a Miss!,"So Seoul has five grand palaces, and while all history should be given its due, Gyeonghuigung Palace is well...underwhelming compared to its sister palaces. In fact, extremely disappointing. If you're in the neighborhood and have a lot of time on your hands, sure...stop in. There's no entrance fee anyhow. Otherwise I'd pass this one by altogether, save for some nice step carving work. I can not imagine spending more than 15 minutes here.", March 2011
36,5.0,"Quiet, peaceful attraction",, October 2011
