,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Very nice,"Super nice place to just chill out and walk around a bit. You get a superb view of the town. Also really enjoyed seeing familys flying kites.  Definitely 10/10 if you want to do some exersize as there are outside workout equiptment, bike rentals, running tracks", February 2020
1,5.0,Excellent relaxing place,We rented a bike and cycled along the riverside. There are multiple hangang park and we went to yeoido which is easily accessible by a subway and needs only 15 mins walk. It is opposite building 61 and has rainbow bridge. It is very clean and has relaxing ambiance. Really, February 2019
2,5.0,Riverside revelry!,It was great to be here hanging out and enjoying the spectacular river views. The atmosphere was warm...even on a chilly winter's day and the afternoon sun gradually dissipated the freeze in the air!, December 2019
3,5.0,Awesome spot in the heart of the city,An amazing place to relax on a free weekend. Riding a bike by the river with your friends while enjoying the scenery along the river is really amazing! There are also many locals who do the picnics by ordering food delivery., September 2019
4,4.0,Alot local picnic and cycling here,"There are some walking distance (at least 10mins) to reach the park if you ride there by bus or metro. That is why some local cycling there to save time and evergy. There are food festival during weekend, however till month Oct only, maybe due to weather. During night time,", October 2019
5,5.0,Great for cycling by the river,"You can start anywhere along the Han river and cycle south all the way to Busan, almsot entirely on bike paths. There are concerts and other events on weekends at various places, like Banpo or Yeoido. Many people bring tents and order food at the park.", September 2019
6,4.0,Do what locals do! Picnic and Han river view.,"I visited this park because I was missing a ´local´ experience. Though I love Seoul and especially all the historical sites, I wanted to see what locals do in this town. It was recommended by a business contact of mine when I asked him why there is almost no movement at all on", September 2019
7,4.0,Scenic Place,Hangang Park has been a very popular shooting location for KDrama scenes. It feels good to be able to step on the ground where KStars also walked on hahaha :D, April 2019
8,5.0,Beautiful,"The Hangang-Park is a beautiful place to be. Where you can have a walk or jogging around or sit there for a beer and chicken, which you can order right to the spot you are sitting. It is awesome!", October 2018
9,3.0,"Nice riverside park, but ot much else","Nice enough, and we rented bikes for a lovely afternoon. Services are limited, so pack food or go in the evening when the food trucks are open. Prepare for the crowds. ", July 2019
10,5.0,"Come here, you won't regret it","Great place for a good time! So many activities you can do regardless of who you're travelling with.  We visited several times during our stay, during which we tried one of the night time river cruises, had a picnic another day, and came for a night walk the last one (so many", August 2018
11,5.0,Best Place to Enjoy Seoul Summer,Its summer  time. Weather still nice in June. Not so hot. Not so cold. Just nice for picnic with family and couples. Lots of food truck to choice for food . Can rent a bike and ride along the river bank. Surely will come again for the sunset view., June 2019
12,5.0,Breath Taking Park in Seoul,A Park where you can Relax and stay positive :) this is a great place to meditate and think about life. Experience picnic like a local here just bring your blanket and you are ready to go. And it is place for taking a picture :). and just be mesmerized at the view of Hangang, April 2019
13,3.0,"Ok cycling, luckily tgere was food-truck festival","If you are in company eveb better: nice walk, nice cycling and on fridays and saturdays there are food trucks with music show, nice but don't expect too much", June 2019
14,3.0,Pleasant riverside park . . .,". . . from which one can see the Banpo Bridge Rainbow as well as the changing lights on Some Sevit. Numerous folks were having picnics, while others were skate boarding or bicycling on a cool, June evening.", June 2019
15,2.0,Not well maintained,"We walked to the park from Gangnam station (~40min) and absolutely hated the entrance to the park through the dystopian looking underpass along the busy highway.  The park itself is small and surrounded by heavy traffic, there is almost no vegetation and very little room to sit", May 2019
16,5.0,Bicycle Ride <3,Love my first cycling experience here with its perfect cool breeze from Hangang River and great place for picnic. Too bad I was alone but greatly enjoyed the view., April 2019
17,3.0,nice walking park,If you are bored strolling the crowded streets of downtown take the Metro Line 9 to Yeomchang Station and you can walk upstream along the river front first through Hangang and than through the Riverside park as far as to building 63., May 2019
18,5.0,perfect place for those who would like to do an outdoor leisure recreation activities,Hangang park is one of the most popular park in Seoul and it is one of the must visit in the time of cherry blossom. Normally it will be very crowded during Spring season but on the day that my friends and I visited this place there is not very much people because due to the, April 2019
19,3.0,Very big park with little to see.,"There is is a huge area to walk around with little to see except people with dogs,boats passing on the water.You can hire a bike which would be the most practical way of seeing the entire area.The must see place is Banpo bridge at night with the coloured water jets at", April 2019
20,4.0,Lovely,Lovely to walk by this river. Lots of seating area. Good playground areas for kids. Good picnic area. Can get 1 hr ferry here. I think it was about $35.  Negative: all the loose dirt/ grass that was being blown about. , March 2019
21,5.0,Get away from the city in the middle of town,"Biking, hiking, Cherry blossom viewing, camping, picknicking etc. all this is possible in this green area on the Han river in the center of Seoul. Access it from different subway stations and stroll or bike as far as you wish. A great outing with rental bikes available and", April 2019
22,4.0,Beautiful at night,The night view here is beautiful especially the lighted bridges. A good place to relax and picnic. Best to come in the evening to enjoy the night view., March 2019
23,5.0,Great place to chill,Hangang is a wide river passing Seoul and there are several riverside parks along the river. It's a great chance to get refreshed for citizens and tourists watching the cityscape and enjoying activities. - There's no certain park named Hangang Park on the map. It consists of, March 2019
24,5.0,"Cycling, picnicing or cruising, the Han is a special place.","So in Korea when you picnic, it involves a tent, mat and small table!!! So much fun. The Han is obviously important to Seoul as it cuts the city in two. We spent the day eating, cycling, playing cards, taking photos and then going for a cruise. Plenty of parking and easy to get", February 2019
25,5.0,Relaxing place,Great view of the Han river. Spending time and camping could be done in the park. Renting of bicycle is available as well., November 2018
26,4.0,Lovely Park,A nice park to walk around or just sit for a few hours and relax. I went there with a few friends and they ordered some Fried Chicken which I was told is a pretty common thing to do in this area. A very peaceful place and a beautiful view of the river., March 2018
27,5.0,Peaceful place,Looking at the Hangang river to refresh the mind and think of inspiration. Walking and strolling down at Hangang park., January 2019
28,4.0,Love this park!!!,"I love coming here, especially during nice weather. You can just walk along the river, or rent a bike. Bike rental are nearby and it is cheap and easy to rent.", December 2018
29,4.0,Peaceful place to spend quality time,"Walking around the banks of Han river is a very pleasant experience. In the evenings, looking at the bridges connecting both ends of Seoul is just mesmerizing. Perfect place for morning walk, jog or cycling.", January 2018
30,5.0,Great part of Seoul,"We love going to the Hangang river and go often. We love to take a walk along the river or go to one of the many activities. Different activities are located at the bridges.   You can find things such as bike rentals, restaurants and festivals. The banpo bridge is great because", December 2018
31,5.0,really amazing,hankang river is one of the most relaxing and enjoyable places you can visit once you come to Korea cheers, November 2018
32,5.0,Good Place for Chill,"Accessible to Seoul Metro. Great place to hang out, chill and relax. You can get a spot just to sit and enjoy the view while watching performances.  Would really recommend for travelers. =", October 2018
33,5.0,going to the Hanging park,"Going to the Hangng park. Hangang is one of the most famous river in the Korea, because around the Hangang there are lots of people who is hang out outside. Around the Hangang there are lots of activities such as riding bicycle, and riding electric kick board. also during the", August 2018
34,3.0,Nice place for a pleasant stroll,It is a pity that it was raining when we visited but it was still lovely to stroll along the edge of the lake and enjoy the lake's beauty even so., November 2018
35,5.0,Love it,"Hanging Park is on the very top of my favourite place in Seoul. You can go on picnic with family, friends, or boyfriend or girlfriend. Blue sky, fresh air, soft wind, delicious food, and nice people would make you feel happy. I really really highly recommend you to go to Hanging", February 2018
36,5.0,Han River!,Han River is very big. But there are many attractions beside it. You just have to do some research in order for you to know what side of Han River you should be going., October 2018
37,4.0,Nice public place,I've come here for 3 times. It's a big place with the fresh air. I love walking beside the river. Cheer!, October 2018
38,5.0,"Relax, walk, jog, run, bike etc.",Good stretch of pedestrian/bike path without much elevation change. Great for any activity. You can make your run or bike shorter or longer depending on how you feel and where you decide to cross over to other side from one of the many bridges across Han River., October 2018
39,5.0,Perfect for relaxing,"My family love this park especially riding the cruise. We went there on Friday night, there were lots of people putting up their cute tent and camp there, eating ramen. The place is very close to metro station.", September 2018
40,4.0,Spring time-good for picnic day,"A lot local people will have picnic there, can easily order food by if you can understand Korean words leaflet. Spring time you can see roses, lily and a lot poppy flower around the park.", June 2018
41,4.0,River trip,Awesome experience!!! There are a few places off to the side if you want to be alone or with a small group... but also plenty of other places to be around people and food trucks that are amazing., September 2018
42,4.0,Nice place for picnic ,"Visited the park just to watch the Banpo bridge Rainbow fountain and was cancelled. Nevertheless, it was such a different experience, to feel so local. This park is full of people, picnic with their friends, loved ones, family. We thought there were the street festival but", September 2018
43,4.0,Lovely views,"The park is actually several parks that make up part of the national parks. For us, the park gave us some fantastic vantage points for photos as well as a great stroll.", August 2018
44,4.0,Hangang is a must do in SOul,If you are going to visit Seoul be sure to visit Hangang as  it is a good tradition. You can see how Koreans have good time after work with friends and family. And of course you should order Korean fried chicken. Upon arrival you would meet a lot of ajhummas with brochures and, October 2017
45,5.0,Nice walk by the river,"It's where the locals go for a run, walk, picnic etc etc. Especially the Banpo Hangang park is one of the nicest areas amongst the others. The park is considered safe even at late at nights. It's a good walk if you happen to stay near by.", August 2018
46,5.0,FREE DAY OUT,"The best free day out in Seoul. Beautiful at night too. You can order a picnic to be delivered to you if you can speak Korean. If you can't, ask a local to help you call and order. You can also rent picnic blankets.", July 2018
47,4.0,Fun riding,"I ride bmx bike. It was fun rode with my own bike with local riders. It was winter when i get there, as south east asian i feel freezing. The local said that hangang park is coldest in seoul,because it outdoor place and there are no building over there. When you come to hangang", January 2018
48,5.0,Huge fun riding along the Han River,"Everyone loves the Han River - walkers, joggers, people doing exercise, grannies having dance parties, kite flyers, families having picnics, friends drinking beer, fishermen, swimmers, wildlife photographers, casual cyclists and racing cyclists. It’s an amazing fun atmosphere", July 2018
49,5.0,Rent a bike!,We went twice: once to see the Banpo Bridge water show (which was cancelled b/c the river was mucky from rain) and the second time we rented bikes by the I SEOUL U sign. Biking along the river was so fun and so beautiful! Super relaxing. I highly recommend., July 2018
50,5.0,Great place for cycling,"One of the best parks in Seoul and maybe in megapolises of SEA. Very clean, peaceful and calm. So beautiful. There is a special line for cycling, probably as long as 70 km long, both sides of the river. On weekends always crowded, so I prefer weekday.", April 2018
51,4.0,Ride a bike and enjoy the vibe,This was my second time in Hangang Park and a trip to this place is always worth it   There are lots of activities that can be done here and the best part you can even order food and have it delivered here. They have designated pick up points and it’s just wonderful , May 2018
52,4.0,Nice cooling bicycle ride,We visited Hangang park at noon. Got some bikes inexpensively (sorry I forgot price) for 2 hours.  Along the way there are playgrounds and convenience stores to rest and fuel up.  There are also some fried chicken stores near the waterplay area. Saw many people who had fried, June 2018
53,5.0,levely place,"lovely place to spent with your lovely freinds or families, there is great park to walk or camp or picke and there is little Coffee sohp.", July 2017
54,5.0,Great park,"Not sure if we are lucky but the night we came, there was a food festival, an hour concert, and a competition for rock climbing. Other than that, there are a few restaurants in the area and you can also rent bicycles to cycle around the park, however do note that the alignment", June 2018
55,4.0,Korean Park,"The park is clean, fresh air. Not advisable to visit this park around noon time...very hot in summer and not much activity. The only activity my family did was to ride a tour boat along the river. Foods along the river are a little bit expensive.", September 2017
56,3.0,Saturday Fireworks,"Not sure if it's every Saturday, but there's fireworks when we went the last March 24. A lot of teens are also setting up their tents on the park.We can still feel the chilling wind of winter but we got hot packs ready ^,^.hahaha. If you're into chicken and beer, there's stalls", March 2018
57,5.0,Don’t miss,"If you go to Seoul, then you should definitely pass by here. You’ll get a great view of the city. Don’t forget to take something for a possible picnic mood. Also, you can stroll around the place while waiting for the Banpo Rainbow show. You’ll have to check the date and time for", May 2018
58,5.0,Great views of the city.,"Hangang has what is probably the nicest collection of views in Seoul. The river cuts right through the centre of Seoul and means that there is a lot of diversity in what you will find along the river banks. Summer and spring are the best times due to the weather, but even winter", May 2018
59,4.0,Beautiful walking area.,"Although crowed most times, this area is a terrific park on the banks of the Han River and makes for some amazing city views. Beautiful gardens and seating areas allow a relaxing (as can be in busy times) place to sit and visit with family, or walk along the endless pathways.", October 2017
60,5.0,One of my favorite park in Korea,A very beautiful spot in Korea. You can do activities such as enjoying a bike ride. There are seats where you can relax. When we visited there are many flowers arranged so you can use for your photo op. I suggest you visit on weekdays and start to stroll early in the morning so, April 2018
61,4.0,Always crowded but best place to enjoy Han River,"Clean and kept up well despite the massive crowds this place attracts. Dog-friendly. A quintessential Seoul experience if you're visiting would be to enjoy a stroll along the river, find a spot on the grass to settle down, and order chicken delivery right to your blanket for an", May 2018
62,4.0,"Great view, too many campers","The view was great and there were a lot of cherry blossoms when we went. It was a bit crowded because there were a lot of campers. If not for the cold, I would have strolled around this place. ", April 2018
63,5.0,This needs to be broken down to other sections,"There are several areas that are Hanggang park. There are parts where a nice stroll or bike ride.  Some have soccer fields, basket ball courts, swimming pools.  There are usually convenience stores or some cafe/restaurant.  Check out more specific reviews for the park (ie Banpo,", April 2018
64,5.0,Seoul's Classic,"One of the best option if you want to escape from the routine and stress that a busy city like Seoul gives. You can take a brake and relax in the middle of the city and enjoy some beverages, a walk or even a romantic date here. I really recommend this environment to anyone who", August 2017
65,5.0,Great place for picnic!,"Blend with the locals, prepare your mat, sandwiches or chimak and some drinks!  Many people will pitching tents, sitting on the grass enjoying the food and drinks they brought! There will also be bicycle kiosks and people will renting to ride around the park!  Enjoy the breeze", April 2018
66,5.0,Nice park and food truck,"Nice park after the long walk at yeouido Park. The walk on water pool is really awesome and amazing. Would be much greater if it was cherry blossom bloom, we just missed it by a week. The food truck gives pretty good selection and it has a vast area to enjoy your food. Do check", April 2018
67,4.0,Ttukseom Han River Park Snow Slope,"NIce place for kids to play snow sledging. More for family with children, unlimited play for minimum fee. ", December 2017
68,5.0,nice place to hangout,We found Hangang Park while searching for SM building. The environment is quite nice and peaceful since we went there at 10 am. We saw many Koreans cycling along the park. The public toilets are clean too., March 2018
69,5.0,Place for soul,"Walked there, played basketball, chilled, drunk etc... It is just nice place for any type of hanging out or chilling:) my personal recommendation to Seoul visitors!", July 2017
70,4.0,Hangang Park,"Very nice park with possibilities of eating, resting, walking, biking. Better to visit on a warm day. Possible to have a river boat trip.", March 2018
71,5.0,Great views and memorable place.,"We went at night where the wind made it really cold.  We were dressed for 13 degree weather, but with the wind, it felt like 5 degrees.  So we were really cold.  Great place to walk, enjoy the scenery, catch a movie.  But check weather and activity schedule ahead of time to make", March 2018
72,4.0,Amazing Hangang Park Fair,"There was a fair along the Hangang at some specific time of the year. Different kinds of stalls would be temporarily set up there to sell all kinds of goods, from food to accessaries. Definitely worth a visit if you're around in those dates!", June 2017
73,4.0,걷기 좋은 장소,지하도를 지나기 약간 그랬지만 걷기 좋고 야경도 멋진 장소였어요. 잠원지구로 갔었고 대교까지 걸어서 갔다가 청담동 쪽으로 빠졌어요. 여름에 오면 좋을 장소입니다. It's good place for walking. A bit scared of subway. But will be great in summer time, February 2018
74,5.0,Hangang,Hangang Park is awesome. If you like to go walk along the river and you are in Seoul you must go there. You can rent a bike or just walk. There are a lot of photo zones. I think that was the best park ever.  Park nad rzeką Hangang to jeden z lepszych parków. Można tam wypożyczyć, February 2018
75,5.0,Family walk,What a great area.  There wasn’t a lot of infrastructure such as playgrounds for kids but it leans toward people exercising.  There was an area to exercise using the provided equipment as well as some equipment to use a skateboard.  , January 2018
76,4.0,Fly your drone here,"Seoul is a no no for drones.  Fortunately Hangang park provides a descent space to fly your drone. Search for ""hangang drone park"" for details. ", January 2018
77,5.0,Visit to any Han River Park in Seoul,"Each Han River Park may have different features, but if you do not have time to visit a specific one, try a nearest one. The promenade is very well paved, and the river is wide so you can feel the nature at the heart of Seoul. You can rent a bike too. The wind can be strong in", January 2018
78,4.0,A quiet and romantic park!,A peaceful and quiet park and which is suitable for jogging!  We came here during winter and there were not many people except minimal joggers.  The winter view is great with lovely trees along the park., December 2017
79,5.0,My favorite place in Seoul,"Despite going in a chilly spring breeze, this riverside park is absolutely delightful and a joy to visit! It stretches a fair distance if you like walking, and it's also great to ride a bike or skate. The ministop is great if you need a quick snack, drink or even ramen, and the", April 2017
80,5.0,Breezy and beautiful,"Went here on my own one cold December night. I had the park to myself so I grabbed the chance to take photos of the park. It was beautiful, even at night.  I decided to head to the nearby Mini-Stop which sold ramen in aluminium bowls. I also had some sausages along with my", December 2017
81,4.0,Chilly walk in winter but nice long pathway,"My friend wanted to rent bikes to ride along the river but it was so cold we just walked. Very well maintained, with convenience stores along the way for snacks.", December 2017
82,5.0,Nice place to have bicycle ride,"I went there around evening and having my ride, it cost me 10000 won per hour. you can enjoy the nice view from the river and it have many activities. it also have many cruise that u can having your dinner inside the cruise. you can also choose for food delivery that are very", September 2017
83,4.0,Awesome and big,Gwangnaru Hangang Park is a series of parks along the Han River and is located between Gangdongdaegyo and Jamsilcheolgyo.   The park covers a very large area. It is for recreational purposes only. The river Han runs through it. No commercial boat activity is allowed between, August 2017
84,5.0,Beautiful Great Place for Day and Night,"Enjoyed walking along the river, coffee stop and deep fried chicken there. There is a night market held after sunset (check the date and time) and we enjoyed many street food (but not very cheap). A bit difficult to find tables and seats, but it was fun. Also fountain from the", July 2017
85,5.0,Great night light show,"Great recreational area!  If you’re going there for the light show, it’s suggested to go there a couple hours earlier to get good sitting.  Not a big fan of the chicken delivery service as it took really long for us.  But you could order food there with the different delivery", May 2017
86,5.0,Awesome for Night Picnics in the Fall!,"We went there on a Saturday night, and the place was just alive with crowds of friends and families spreading out their mats just about everywhere and talking and laughing. There were buskers every few meters to add to the fun atmosphere and old ladies handing out flyers for", October 2017
87,4.0,Good for biking,"I rented a bike and biked along the river for many miles. During the weekend, the place is very  poplar with walkers and cyclists. The view is nice. The bike path is very well maintained. Lots of stops to rest and take pictures.", August 2017
88,4.0,Tip for you to enjoy Seoul like local people,"As the review below, it seems like there is nothing to do in hangang itself. Only river, and track to run or for bike. But let me give you tips to enjoy Seoul like a local.   1. If you want to explore hangang, there are plenty of options. You can take one day kayak class, or", September 2017
89,5.0,"Nice place, but nothing to do","the Hanang Park is a nice place and there is water and you can go and stay there for a couple of days. And there is a big sign that says I SEUOL U, but to get to the sign it is a 10 min walk from the entrance, it was a very nice long walk, but it was hot. Along the way to going", October 2017
90,4.0,Great walk or bike ride by the river ,Really enjoyed my walk along the river.  Get to see many interesting bridges and some great views.  Very busy with bike riders especially on weekends. Can combine it with Seoul Forest , October 2017
91,5.0,good park,"in spring season, nice palace to walk. you can order delievery food near by han river. night time, beautiful night view there", May 2017
92,5.0,A must to visit ,Great place to stroll around in the evening totally fell in love with this place. We went on the river cruise and rent bicycle to move around the park it so was fun and there are plenty of activities for friends and family., August 2017
93,4.0,Great view of the city,"This park is at the other side of the river so you can get a nice view of Seoul. It is easy to get here by taking the bus. Good spot to make some good memories, take pics and just to chill on a bench.", September 2017
94,5.0,Not just Seoul's lungs but the playground.,"The immense water's edge of Seoul that is the Han River is home to such a broad and varied collection of activities: cycling, swimming, water skiing, paddle boarding, canoeing, camping, bbq-ing.  You can rent bikes, camp grounds, etc.  Along its impressive length, there are", September 2017
95,5.0,I looooove love love this place! Especially the park at Yeoido.,"The title says just about everything - I love the Hangang park at Yeoido so much. I hung out there three nights in a row while I was in Seoul, as well as after church at the nearby megachurch (Yeoido Full Gospel Church is a 15 minute walk away - it's the largest megachurch in", August 2017
96,4.0,Nice waterfront park,We went there at evening because it was too hot to visit the park at daytime during summer.   There were a lot of visitors both local and foreign. It was good for walking along the river. There were also many different activities offered at night time., August 2017
97,5.0,A must!,"We were at Banpo Hangang,  Lovely place to spend the evening with ramen and fried chicken :) Especially lively on weekend. Across Banpo Hangang, the new ""round"" building is open with cool cafes and outfoor sitting where you can just hang and read a book.  Great Place : ) ", August 2017
98,5.0,Perfect both for relax and sports,Perfect for sunny days relax! Lot of arractions and places for whole families. Would love to come back :), August 2017
99,5.0,ONE OF THE BEST PARK I EVER WENT,"Its one of the best park i must say, its clean and very cold specially at night. Alot of activities to do but if you feel to relax and makes you feel your in Korea you must go here. Just bring your snacks while resting here .", May 2017
100,5.0,People friendly park and best resting area,"I live in Seoul. But as originally from a small city in one province, I 've always missed the mother nature that can be found fully in my hometown.  For me who gets tired a city life, Han river is a great soothing place.  As large as enough to compare to a sea, by delivering", August 2017
101,5.0,"Park, River and Views","Hangang Park is like other parks adjacent to a river, however this park is designed with a couple of commercial structures that light up at night, galleries of food trucks and a view of the Bampo bridge that illuminates at night with water display show. Definitely recommend.", July 2017
102,5.0,Best place in Seoul,The river park is a quiet place that feels almost completely removed from the city. I've gone many times to relax or exercise when I feel stressed from the bustle of the crowded city. All the people I've encountered there all act totally different in the majesty of the serenity., July 2017
103,3.0,A place for the youngster,"I was there in weekend and on a cloudy day. So many young people was there to skate, cycle, and even camping. The entire place was colourful and lively. Some food trucks and hawkers were selling mostly BBQ and noodle. But I felt it was quite boring to me (maybe I am getting", July 2017
104,5.0,My Favorite Place in Seoul!,The Hangang Park is actually the entire system of parks and biking/walking path that parallels the Han River and tributaries on both sides all throughout and beyond Seoul.  Rent a bike (available at stations throughout town or at shops on the river) and spend a few hours just, July 2017
105,5.0,Spend many hours at this park ,"This is an amazing park along the river. There is so much you can do here. Can really recommend to hire a bike or tandem bike for 2-3 hours. You can also walk and just enjoy what comes in your way. There is a waterpark for children and also some ""rivers"" floating through the", July 2017
106,4.0,"Cycle, picnic, stroll, take photos","There's plenty to do at the Hangang Park, that is if you have the time. WE took the subway to Yeouinaru station and got out at exit 2. This is where you'll find their iconic ""I SEOUL U"" signage. To rent a bike, you come out of the station, go further up front towards the river,", June 2017
107,5.0,Great outdoor activities!,We came here by subway and it's so easy with that.  We went there on Friday evening so there was so many truck food. With the live band playing. We enjoy that very much!  And if you are have free time can rent the bike and ride around the park!  There also local family lying, June 2017
108,5.0,Romantic,I LOVE THIS PLACE! My favorite part about my holiday in Seoul! Barely any tourist there! So relaxing. A great place for an evening stroll. They even have small shows & performance. Locals having picnics & riding bicycles.. My happy places. They even have water/bridge shows at, March 2017
109,4.0,Beatifull,"We went to Hangang Park at night, we missed the lightshow, so there is not much to say about that.  Hangang Park is a beatifull place to relax at at night.  ", July 2017
110,5.0,Perfect for biking,"For 3,000 KRW, you can rent a comfortable bike for an hour to ride on a big bike path along the river.  The path is mostly flat, with occasional challenging hills.  It was my favorite activity in Seoul!", June 2017
111,4.0,Lovely place if you have kids or into drama,"I enjoy the serenity in Hanggan river though there are many tourists and locals. What made this exciting is our love for Kdrama knowing that some scenes were shot here. OTher than that, it is just a place to stroll and walk around", July 2017
112,5.0,Awesome: cycling at sunset,"It's a big park, and perfect for a nice cycle along the river at sunset! Lots of amenities as well. Really recommended!", May 2017
113,5.0,I was proposed to in this park.,"Hangang Park is huge.  It's great for exercising, riding your bike along the river, having a picnic...On a nice day, it can get pretty crowded, but that's to be expected in Seoul.  ", August 2016
114,4.0,Great outdoor activity along a beautiful river,"Inspired by the recent Korean dramas featuring bicycling on the Hangang, my daughter and I decided to try the bike rentals and see the sights on wheels.   Managed to download a pretty good guide on Bicycling-Along-the-Hangang from visitseoul and started at Yeouido Park after", May 2017
115,4.0,Sunset at Hangang Park,"I visit this place at 5pm. So many travellers (i met them from Lithuania and China) and Korean people here (they finished working,came here from the office and relax with their boy/girlfriend here). The view is really..really awesome.the river so clean,the air so fresh,the view", June 2017
116,4.0,Park ,A nice place to walk. At night/evening it is better to visit this place. I was here during noon....and one time at evening. Both was worth the trip...., June 2017
117,5.0,Lovely Walk Along the River,"This is a lovely river walk and park. Serene, beautiful. Hangang Park is defintiely worth the time to check it out.", June 2017
118,5.0,Ttukseom Resort Station Park,"The park on the side of Ttukseom Resort Station was really good fun. Enjoyed the skateboard park twice during my trip, many ramps and large skatable area to practise. There is also convenient bicycle rental and many convenience stores along the way to get food and drinks. There", June 2017
119,4.0,"Incredibly large, well-maintained park with tons of activities",I've visited this park with my husband several times since we moved to Seoul 9 months ago and plan to continue going once our baby arrives this spring. It is a fabulous park that we find is always clean and well-maintained. The park has plenty of inexpensive parking and options, May 2017
120,5.0,Good for a gentle bike ride,A great park with many different things to see and do.  I recommended hiring out a bike and riding alongside the river. Ask at the desk for a good route. You will need to hand over your passport as a deposit and the cost is very cheap.  Good for a day out and the whole family, September 2016
121,5.0,best place to chill,it is one of the best place in Seoul to get some air chill out friends. it is usually best to go in summer time as the weather is very hot and you get some cool air and do some water sports too., May 2017
122,4.0,View of Sunset,We managed to catch sunset from the Han's river park. We walked along the bridge too. Good place for cycling and catching up with friends. Visited the area where they acted the Legend of the Blue Sea , May 2017
123,5.0,Spent the Afternoon Just Hanging Out,Great place to watch the world go by. We bought snacks in the building and sat on the steps overlooking the bridge. It was a cool and shady place to relax., May 2017
124,5.0,Everyone's Favorite Spot in The Town!,Just in love!   A favorite spot for hanging out or walking down the river side to watch the beautiful scene of Han River and everything around. Best time to enjoy the view is near the sunset time but it's good also in the evening with the city lights bright up the the, April 2017
125,3.0,nice park,went here at night strolling looking at the night lights on the streets and here after dinner so far we love it, April 2017
126,4.0,quiet walk in autumn,"Hangang Park covers a vast area of land, both sides of the Han river. From Itaewon, the floating island is just a bus away. The park can also be accessed from different start points using the subway, one is via Exit5 of Express bus terminal station.   I visited the park last", October 2016
127,4.0,An off-the-beaten track experience,"We came here to take the Hangang River cruise. After the cruise, we lingered here for quite a while to enjoy the walk along the river and witness a part of the lives of Seoulites. Hangang Park is a bustling place for young people and citizens to come here for recreational and", March 2017
128,4.0,Icon Attraction,"Like the Park very much, nice breeze and fresh air. Went during May so sun was pretty hot but the strong wind has help to relief the heat....  walk along the park all the way to the other end of the bridge. Spend a sweet afternoon with my husband there. Love it.", May 2016
129,5.0,I SEOUL U @ Hangang Park,We were here last November 2016 during Autumn and its super cold. This park is beautiful with the icon I S E O U L U. Its quite quiet tho theres few tourist sight seeing around when we were there as its on weekdays. Its located in the middle of Hangang Park ., November 2016
130,5.0,Ride the Hanging,I went for bike ride here on my last trip..great way to spend a secret afternoon off from the office!, March 2017
131,4.0,Landmark!,"This park is the site of many Hangang River attractions. Including the Banpodaegyo Bridge Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, the Underwater Bridge and Moonlight Square.   During summer time, there are waters sports on the Hangang River.   Perfect location for family outing. I saw kids", October 2016
132,5.0,A must visit place,This park is so suitable for all ages and I should have your picnic there. It was exciting to be there!, February 2017
133,5.0,"Beautiful but cold in winter, must be buzzing during summer months",I went to this park in February and it was very cold but sunny day. Just make sure you use clothes to make you warm and you still can stroll around in this park. The day I went a few people were jogging and riding bike. you have great views of N Seoul Tower and there is a sign I, February 2017
134,4.0,Lovely park,The weather was really nice when I visited this wonderful park. Very cool place for couples and tourist to visit. I visited this place with my friends but still enjoyed it. I wish my boyfriend came along haha. A must go for a tourist to click some amazing photos. , January 2017
135,5.0,Nice place for couples ,"In my opinion, this is the place to come if u are coming with your girlfriend..... a good place to hangout ", February 2017
136,5.0,nice place for relax,"My friend in Korea bring me there, we have bike for 2 hours, walk for a while,  we even ordered take away chicken and eat , we enjoyed a whole afternoon there", December 2016
137,4.0,Nice walk,"It was freezing for us in February but it was a nice walk along the Han river.  If you are specifically looking for the I Seoul U sign, it is still there! Line 5, exit Yeouinaru subway station and head out exit 2 or 3. Warmer weather will bring out the food vendors and people", February 2017
138,4.0,nice area to visit,"There is a drone park there so we were visiting to try out the mavic iron albs. The weather was nice although it was cold Feb, i believe if you go during spring it must be much more beautiful to walk around.", February 2017
139,3.0,Beautiful Park on the Han River,"There's lots of activities to do here; you can walk, bike, and even go on a boat ride. It makes you feel a little relaxed compared to the city's noisy traffic. ", August 2016
140,4.0,Nice Place!,"We have a short visit only at this place, but i think this is a nice place to visit with friends just to enjoy the moment.", January 2017
141,5.0,New Years,This area at night looks always beautiful. Came around here for New Years and it was very nice. Some local food around to eat, January 2017
142,5.0,Wonderful scenery,"I rent a bicycle and rode a little bit over a hour by hangang river. The day was warm and sunny. I don't remember where the place was where I rode a bicycle but I hoped that there would be more places to eat something. Anyway scenery was great, bicycle was good too and I had lot", April 2016
143,3.0,Good place to chill,"we plan to go somewhere else but we accidentally got here because we got out the wrong subway station,  Yeounaru.  We had a quick rest on one of the benches while watching some local kids on their bicycles. Nothing much to do here especially with the chilly wind on winter  There", January 2017
144,4.0,Chill acitivity,"I used to visit the Han River with my family all the time when I was young. It has always been part of my life until I stopped going as an adult. Last spring, I was visiting Seoul and decided to walk along the river to see cherry blossoms and it brought back so many memories! It", April 2016
145,5.0,"Morning, Afternoon, Night","If you still have some spare time before you go back to your home country, try going here for some relax. You can jog, walk, riding bicycles, picnic, have fun drink beer at night, take pictures and just sitting and relax. The best time to go there is at night where you can sit", September 2016
146,3.0,Hang-ing by the river,"Well, it is what it is - a riverside park. There isn't much to do here, except to just take a leisurely stroll along the river and enjoy the wind and the waters for a while, maybe even snap some pictures.  There used to be more food outlets here, but they have since closed down", October 2016
147,5.0,One of the great places to hang out meet the locals,Fall and Spring are excellent times to visit this enormous park. Check out the different options depending on where you go. Both sides of the river are wide green spaces even though there is always a freeway nearby. Seoul has done an amazing job at assuring that the river front, September 2016
148,2.0,Empty ,The park isn't very big and relatively quite empty especially in winter. We walked  along Yeouido Park to the cruise terminal and hardly see anyone. , December 2016
149,4.0,Leisure time in evening,"There are several exits to the Han river, near one of the exits to the park is the I Seoul U sign. At evening there are lights and people come here for a picnic.", August 2016
150,4.0,A nice place,"   In the three-month summer holiday vacation, I travelled to Seoul, which is the capital of Korea. Korea is a country that gathers different kinds of culture. Except for the shopping malls to go, there is also a nice park in Seoul for people to visit which is called Hangang", July 2016
151,5.0,Banpo Bridge in Seoul,"I think it's caused by we didnt came on the peak seasons so it's not crowded at all. Really a good experience for us to feel the peace & busy of Seoul together. When sitting down near to the bridge, you can feel the busy of Seoul through the sound of cars driving by and the", November 2016
152,5.0,"Dip Your Tired Feet, Soothe Your Soul","We came here to see the view of the river and we got more than what we expected. It was a Saturday when we visited the park. There were families camping out and kids were having a great time playing in the park and in the ponds. The water was flowing and it was cool, much like", July 2016
153,3.0,Morning run in Hangang Park,"Compared to other parks in other major cities, there's nothing special about Hangang Park. It looks plain and the view of Han River does not seem to look spectacular from the park. I did a 12km loop by the river bank and the flat route was pretty much the same. ", October 2016
154,4.0,ISeoulU sign,"This is where you get to take photos with the ISeoulU sign (similar to I Amsterdam sign). If you take the train, go to the  Yeoinaru station, it is 5 min walk from the exit", November 2016
155,4.0,Banpo Bridge,"When I feel bored after having dinner, sometimes, I drove my car to Banpo Bridge to see waterfall from Banpo Bridge. It's good to see with colorful light and for this reason, it is called Rainbow Fountain. There is a spacious parking lot in the southern part of Banpo Bridge. And", October 2016
156,4.0,great use of river way,This is a great way to relax or take in a breath of fresh air after Seoul's city sights and shopping., October 2016
157,5.0,Beautiful sunset,"For directions: once reached Hanum Station, turn left upon exit and head up the flight of stairs to walk right, along the expressway, until you reach the zebra crossing, get across and look to your left for the underpass to get to the other side into the park next to the river. ", November 2016
158,4.0,Great place to spent a whole day in Seoul.,It can be a really nice pause from all the sightseeing. You can hire a bike for free (for expample near Oksu or Eungbong station) for 3 hours or 1-2 hours during summer (you leave your ID). You can also hire a bike for a whole day for 15000 W. There is a bike path near the river, October 2016
159,5.0,Highlight of my trip!,Somewhere my friends and I rode our bikes on our last arvo/night to relax and chill by the river and enjoy a little picnic. There's so many people out and so much to enjoy with a beautiful view of the river and sunset., October 2016
160,4.0,Beautiful night walk,"We came here in the evening during the weekend. It was nice to walk around and be near the water. There are people playing music, riding the bike, having a picnic, and skateboarding. We had a good time getting a little rice cake dish near by the station and eating and walking", October 2016
161,5.0,Great Place for Some Peace and Serenity,Hangang Park is the ideal place if you want to be away from the shopping streets of Myeongdong/Dongdaemun etc. The views of Seoul City are just amazing. You can also take great photographs. The Hangang river is huge so you can alight at several stations to enjoy different views, October 2016
162,5.0,huge river in middle of city,"Nice, peaceful park near the river bank. good for walking and exercising. view of the city is very nice too.", October 2016
163,4.0,Nice location on the Han River,"This park is about a 10 minute walk from my house and we enjoy taking our young children down to play at the park in the evenings.  Enjoy the river views and the beautiful sunsets in the evenings.  At night, the city lights up all around the river and this is worth seeing too!", October 2016
164,5.0,"Great park to visit and walk around, the view is amazing and so much to see. ","Nice place to walk around and relax, great view. This place is great for outdoors activities and play around.", October 2016
165,5.0,Best Morning Practice,"Walking, bike riding, enjoying the Korean sunrises and sunsets- this was the best place to do this! There are work out stations every mile or so- and the scenery and river are incredible. ", June 2016
166,4.0,What a nice park!,"Seoul has really put together some wonderful places for the residents to get out of the urban concrete highrise filled dongs and back to nature, and Hangang Park is one of the great ones. We visited at night, pre Eland Cruise, and it looked like a place that would be a go-to", October 2016
167,5.0,Afternoon walk,"This was one of my top activities in Seoul!  What a great way to get out of the chaos of the city and walk, run, cycle or just hangout by the river.  There are lots of open green spaces and outdoor fitness areas.  What I like in particular are the separate paths for", October 2016
168,3.0,Good for walking or running. ,It's a long park beside the river.  I think it's good for exercise there was machine to exercise and there was a line for those who drive bicycle.  المكان ممتاز لمن يودون ممارسة رياضة الجري او المشي.  وهناك ايضا موجودة آلات رياضية للاستخدام العام.  و يوجد خط لمسافة معينة لمن يود, October 2016
169,5.0,"Biggest near-city river park ever, maybe","Almost every important civilizations brought up with near water environment, and most of big cities such as NY, London, Berlin, or others are placed near water(river, whatever else)  But the difference is, Han river is broad overwhelming compare with others. It's enormous scale", October 2016
170,5.0,Nice view,"It is a lovely place to view the scenery. walking and looking to the surrounding. suitable for couples, family and friends.", December 2015
171,5.0,Great view,"Banpo hangang park where takes 20 min. From the bus express terminal by walking. It's the greatest places for picnic on the grass and look at the view of city. There are many activities that you can do such as flying the kites taking a walk, running, jogging, riding the bike,", October 2016
172,4.0,Lovely place to visit on a sunny day!,"Lovely place for couples and families. Spotted many families and friends gathering for picnics, camping, various sports (baseball, running, cycling, usage of fitness machines). I enjoyed the night ferry cruise from Jamsil Dock that went to Banpo Bridge (8pm rainbow fountain", October 2016
173,4.0,visit this place on a sunny day,the river is a place where Koreans are visiting to have a picnic during sunny days. its a rather large area where you can just sit down and enjoy life. Also several river cruises that are leaving from this area. , September 2016
174,4.0,Nice place for a picnic,"Nice park with good views of the city, it is very heavily used, lots of people come here with their picnics, you can even hire picnic blankets.  We came to late to hire a bike unfortunately, it would have been nice to ride up and down the river.", September 2016
175,5.0,The best place in Seoul; picnics and bicycles,"This place is without a doubt the best place to experience Seoul on a weekend like a local.  Ride a bike for hire (cheap),  order fried chicken to your picnic on the grassy areas.  Thirsty?  No problem.  Get food and drinks from the nearby convenience stores in the park. Also", September 2016
176,5.0,Visit on a weekend night,"There are street performers on weekend nights, making it a perfect place to chill. You will also get to enjoy Hangang Park to the fullest as there will be loads of young adults hanging out here but not to the point where it is too crowded. There are also food trucks available.  ", September 2016
177,5.0,pefect place to visit at night,"this place is really amazing ,you can take a pictures near the river or take a boot for river tour , in this location fresh air and a lot of Activities dance , some bands and some place for sale a food and goods , at night especially in the week end the park full with the people", September 2016
178,5.0,So pretty!,"Walk around, see the river, maybe take a boat tour - it's so nice on a sunny day! do note that there aren't a lot of places to eat nearby, so get your own or try going into the small streets. ", August 2016
179,5.0,On the Up and Up,"I visit here a couple times a year with family/ friends from  out of town but I hadn't been in a couple of years. Wow! The money that's been poured in here! There are actually five separate parks under the umbrella of Hangang Park, but they have all had a massive revamp in", September 2016
180,4.0,Nice Park,"It is a nice park, but nothing too special.  It is nice to walk along the river in a park.  Just not too special of a place in my mind.", August 2016
181,3.0,Disappointed bike rental closed.,"We were a family of 6, looking to limber up on a bike ride, unfortunately, the rental operation was closed-on a Sunday in August. But walking was pleasant avoiding the speeding bikes. ", September 2016
182,5.0,Fun afternoon,"We rented bikes (about $2.00 an hour) and walked along the river, had a snack and rested under a tree.  A great place to people watch.  ", May 2016
183,5.0,Believe it or not!,"In the early 90's during one of the major storms in Korea, I was in Korea on the Metro crossing the Hangang river and the river had risen very close to the track.  So this is a must on your visit to Seoul, visit the beautiful parks built on both sides of the Han river. Now this", September 2015
184,3.0,Hazy Scenic View,"Strolling along the Hangang Park is only recommended as a precursor to the Han River Cruise; however, if you don't have time to spare, missing out on this attraction would be fine. The park provides a scenic view of Seoul's city skyline; however, on our date of visit, the skies", August 2016
185,5.0,To foreigners visiting Seoul,"If you are plan to visit Garosu gil or Apgujeong, don't miss Han river park! Garosu gil and Apgujeong are not really different with anyother spots in Seoul city.. relaxing in han river park would make your brain and body clean.. I recommand you visiting here at night time, after", August 2016
186,4.0,Park,I go here in the night and so cold and also so windy maybe it will be nice if i go here in the morning or afternoon., September 2015
187,5.0,Cool place to chill,"It was first time visiting there. Due to the fact that it was Wednesday night, there were not so many people as expected. Im sure that there will be no space during weekends. Its really nice to go out and grab some unique street food. The food around there is quite costy compare", August 2016
188,2.0,Nothing special during the day,"I went there in the morning hours and wasn't impressed. It's a narrow road with paths for bikes. Other than that and people running, I didn't see much more. There are also no big green areas.", August 2016
189,4.0,"Cool Place to chill, stare off into space or ride your bike","If you want a chill place to just to hang out and free your mind from worries, Hanggang Park is a great place to check out. The bridges are very pretty. No wonder this place is always chosen for those movinng emotionally charged scenes inn K Dramas where the lead characters have", October 2015
190,4.0,Chill and Relax,"Its a long river that features different attractions depending on where you enter. It has parks (some sports oriented and some water oriented), restaurants, and a boat ride too. You can both visit in the day and night. NIce play to exercise and chill and at night see the lights.", June 2016
191,5.0,It nice Park,Hangang Park it was nice place for visiting and have good building .we take a lot picture .it natural view., May 2016
192,4.0,Should visit Hangang Park both at day and Night,"Don't just look into Hangang Park from the highway, cause it has a lot for you to explore. You can just visit Hangang Park at day and go biking around it or you can also visit it at night cause it has colorful light and bridge attraction everynight.", May 2016
193,5.0,"A great place for cycling... the earlier, the better","This review is about cycling. There are many things to do on the waterfront... dance, have a meal or picnic, walking, etc., but it is the bicycle paths that make this such an enjoyable place to visit. The country is strewn with well cared for paths. The main one in Seoul is here", September 2015
194,4.0,A place to chill,"Yeouido Hangang Park is the best place to chill. A lot of locals come here with their couple and families especially at night. Plenty of things to do like riding bicycles, river cruising, watching street performances, having picnics or just taking a stroll along the river. The", June 2016
