,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,A must-see hybrid of comedy and tradition,A superb show filled traditional rhythms of Korean cultural drumming and a brilliant nonverbal comedic performance! Great incorporation of the audience in every act! A must-see during your first visit to Seoul!, November 2019
1,5.0,Hongdae Nanta Show,Great show. Everything was time and in great location. Performer's engagement with audience was fun! My advise is to get seats around 4th to 5th row from the front to have a better angle of the stage.  , November 2019
2,5.0,NANTA show is Great,"NANTA show is a must see entertainment at Seoul. Don't miss it, very entertaining, fasten your seat belt, relax and have fun, laughing! We really enjoy the show, time flies and you can understand without any language barrier!", November 2018
3,5.0,Brilliant performance! ,"Decided to catch the 8pm Nanta show in Hongdae (instead of the extremely popular Myeongdong one) as we stayed nearby the Hongdae theatre. We booked tickets online and bought zone S tickets, which is the 2nd most expensive tier with pretty good seats near the stage, towards the", September 2019
4,5.0,BRILLIANT *****,We went to the evening show which started at 8pm and it was absolutely amazing. One of the best thing we have done in Seoul. We would reccommend everyone to go but make sure you book tickets in advance. Enjoy., July 2019
5,5.0,Best show everrrrr!!!,"I was quite sceptical at first, although reading lots of good reviews about the show. I was thinking it would be comical and stuff you’d see on TV, but this was by far the most hilarious thing I’ve watched. In fact I’ve never seen my 69 year old mum laugh like that for the", May 2019
6,5.0,Even my Indian Parents Loved It!!,To get a compliment out of my senior citizen age Indian parents is near impossible - and they likened this show to LAS VEGAS QUALITY - LIKE WORTH $200 TICKETS.  Enough Said., April 2019
7,3.0,If you have the time and money to spare,Perhaps due to the many positive reviews and raves about the show we went with high expectations. No doubt the energy is high and the actors were engaging but it was hard to catch the storyline and as Korean was used it would have been good to have translations to better, June 2019
8,5.0,Amazing Show,"Went with a group of 6. This show was amazing and English speaker friendly. While most of the show didn’t involve much verbal language, there was much body language, dancing, and drumming to communicate the story well. The show is very interactive and fun. Highly recommend for", June 2019
9,5.0,Such energy,"One of my best experiences in Seoul! I booked the ticket online 1 week before the show, and the ticket was ready at the counter when I went 10 minutes before it started. It is a funny show. And the energy of dancing and drumming and jumping and chopping for almost 2 hours-", February 2019
10,1.0,Rude Front Reception,“I think it is better for visitors to check the schedule and detail prior to the event to avoid bad experience like me .   It just happen that i was in Hongdae on last Sunday (3/2/19 ) and i decided to watch the Nanta Show . I didnt planned or booked the ticket earlier but i did, February 2019
11,3.0,Nice to do something different,It is real entertainment and the show is good to follow even when you don’t understand what they are saying. Only thing I didn’t like was the less interactive with the crowd at the row above the theater. , January 2019
12,5.0,Fantaatic performance,"Engaging, funny, it was one of the best days of our trip. You can walk around hongdae afterwards. It's not a problem if you don't speak korean, the performance is mainly non-verbal.", January 2019
13,5.0,Funny Presentation,Very good performers with a funny story that involve the audience. There is no problem if you didn't speak Korean., November 2018
14,3.0,"Pretty mediocre show, but kids liked it","I am, I admit, pretty experienced in comedy so it takes more to impress me.  This was not it, not even close.  I never laughed, perhaps smiled 2-3 times at the slapstick.   The percussion was more entertaining, though nothing to match the level of pro percussive shows like Stomp", October 2018
15,5.0,Havent laughed so hard in a loooong time,"If you havent seen this show, you must go watch it!  Their website has early bird discount for those interested. Show is hillarious. Drumming and some simple english really make this work. The skills of each individual performer is amazing. Food flying to the audience, korean", October 2018
16,1.0,Caution... Do Not Honor Cancelation Policy,I am sure it would have been a fun show to see... if they honored their cancelation / change policy. We ran into flight issues ahead of time and requested change to a later date (we didn't want to cancel). Their Web site gave errors trying to cancel / change (convenient for, September 2018
17,5.0,Always a great show!,My husband and I went to see NANTA years ago when we lived in Seoul. I took my son (age 16) last week and he also enjoyed it.  I recommend this show to both locals and foreign travelers., July 2018
18,4.0,Enjoyable and funny,"A night of entertainment with good vibrant cast. Thanks to my friends recommending this show while in Seoul.  The Hongdae theatre is a distance from the subway, around 15mins walk, red yellow building is located inside the streets, not hard to miss. We bought the front seats,", April 2017
19,5.0,Korean Style Blue Man Group ,"Loved it! My girlfriend had no idea what this show was about going in but I told her we had to watch it while we are here in Seoul. It was hilarious! My favorite character was the boss, his facial expressions and hand gestures are hilarious. I can't find a single thing that I", January 2018
20,5.0,Quite a Show!,"If the chefs from your favorite hibachi steakhouse performed STOMP, this would be the result. Food flying all over, impressive music, and a lot of laughs. ", December 2017
21,5.0,Very very very funny show,"I had read up reviews and decided that i must go for this show for my first visit in Korea. Sure enough I was laughing with tears. The actors are so funny, experienced and engaging, there were also audience participation. The show was really entertaining. You do not need to know", December 2017
22,5.0,Well Better than Expected,"The show is really entertaining , you don't have to know korean language to understand.  Its an entertaining show  which is great for all ages. ", November 2016
23,5.0,Really funny,"I had no idea what to expect and I was crying laughing. The actors are great, really engaging and high energy. There is audience participation which is always unpredictable and in our show, really funny. I was really nervous when they were working with knives and fire. Go with", September 2017
24,5.0,Great show,"Lively, engaging, funny, this show is absolutely worth seeing while in Seoul. The dancing, singing and music are so well timed and together, I was memorised more than once and on the edge of my seat, especially with the knives! Food goes flying, objects are thrown in to the", July 2017
25,5.0,Excellent!,It was a very entertaining! I was pleasantly surprised and would definitely recommend it to others !, July 2017
26,4.0,"Good show, like a big party.","Do not compare Nanta with any west end musical play.  Nanta is of its kind, just like Korean culture is unique. Watch nanta show with an open heart, like attending a big party.  You will enjoy it.  Hongdae Nanta theater is a small cozy theater with friendly staff. I did not book", April 2017
27,5.0,Brilliant fun,"We enjoyed this show would recommend very funny and entertaining - our children are 7, 10 & 12 they all enjoyed it - a good laugh! ", July 2016
28,5.0,Enjoyed every minute..,"The wedding show was so entertaining. We didnt understand korean, but you dont have to know the language to understand the story. The songs were good and the people were extremely talented, and funny! I laughed through the whole show. Love it lots!!!! If they come to indonesia,", October 2014
29,5.0,do not miss,"RElly does not matter, where you from. Just need seeing, and listening and smile. what a great idea, not huge spectacular show, but worth it.", August 2014
30,5.0,I was a groom!,"I became a part of the show and got married on stage! That was fun just like the rest of the  play. Lots of joy, music, life and dancing. I recommend.", May 2014
31,5.0,Loved it too!,"Great show, we got the ticket at a very good deal!  They let you buy 50% off ticket price at the KTO for last minute bookings.", December 2013
32,5.0,Non- stop fun and dancing,"I am not a person that is into this kind of thing but i kept and open mind and i went to see the story of a breakdancing guy in love with a Ballerina. Ok, i know what you are thinking.. have i lost my mind? Well stay with me, the show was really good and non-stop fun and", February 2013
33,4.0,Entertaining,A great show that is both entertaining and fascinating even if you don't speak a word of Korean. Well worth watching, November 2013
34,4.0,An exhibition of some great skills,The story was a bit lame. The token 'hot chick' really grated me. But ignoring the story the performance was really polished and contained some really impressive moments. , March 2013
35,4.0,"Upbeat, but a little cheesy.","A little cheesy, but great entertainment and showed a new side of Korea. Good music and tries to get the audience involved. ", February 2013
36,4.0,"Great, interesting show","The Hongdae NANTA Theatre, according to my tour guide was the newest NANTA theatre out of the three in Seoul, so I was looking forward to the show a lot. The NANTA show itself was extremely interesting and interactive, the actors put up a great show without having to communicate", June 2012
37,5.0,Check for special offers,We found the Hongdae theatre was offering discounts to see NANTA (so cheaper than some of the other theatres) and only a subway ride away to a very interteresting University area., June 2012
38,5.0,Worth it!,"We booked thru the guest house and were given 20% discount. Nice show and really enjoyed it, especially at the end of it. Near shopping and food area. Walking distance from Hongik Uni station. Very easy to find, eventhough many koreans do not know of this place :)", September 2012
39,5.0,AWESOME!!!!!,"Travelled in may 2012, where we managed to buy tickets on promotion for the hongdae theatre!! Watched the white team perform and their chemistry was great! Super entertained from the second it started all the way till the very end. (Loved the audience interaction segments", May 2012
40,4.0,Interesting night out,"The Nanta Theatre in Hongdae is newer than the other couple in town. It is in an interesting looking building in the university district. A fun night out for any age group.   This is a visual show, so no need to worry about language issues if you can't speak Korean.", May 2012
