,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Arts centre of Seoul,"Hongik University, and the surrounding districts, are a real positive addition to the life and culture of Seoul.   The University is very much enamoured in the Arts and Design areas, and this is reflecting by the cool vibe in the areas immediately surrounding university also.  ", October 2019
1,4.0,Korean future,One of the famous universities in Korea. Well known for its architect and art & design. The area surround the university is vibrant and hip. Creativity rules. The university has some famous entertainment artist alumni., September 2019
2,5.0,Free drinks!!!,Come join our free parties in Club Vera in Hongdae!! For free entry and free drinks contact me o kakakotalk: jadawelin or dm me on instagram @vera.jada :))))))), April 2019
3,3.0,Stayed in a guesthouse near Hongik University,"I stayed in a guesthouse near Hongik University. There were many shops, cafes and restaurants for both locals and tourists.", December 2017
4,3.0,Near the shopping street ,While the university itself might not have a lot going on.  But it's near the shopping street so a lot of bargains to be found and a lot of people and energy. Located at Hongik university station.  Walk around and soak it up, October 2017
5,4.0,Cool place for young people,"Many shops along the streets, and on Sunday there are full with street activities. There are a lot of students passing by. Its a very cool place for young people!", November 2016
6,5.0,Hongik,"Line 2 of Subway St (Green) the place for young people on his 20s. I really love this place. Lots of clubs, bars and restaurants around", November 2016
7,5.0,Perfect!,"I really love this university! it has a beautiful arquitecture and it's in the heart of hongdae, a beutiful university area full of clubs, restaurants and many stores! also it's near to the subway station. :3", December 2015
8,5.0,Seoul visit,"Excellent time in Hongik University for 18-30 year olds.  Great energy and vibe with the young crowd.  My wife and I went there simply to 're-experience' what/where were used to go drinking, clubbing, and eating.  I love 'individuality' and efforts to be different by the young Hongik crowd as well as the numerous places to eat, drink, drink, dance, then drink some more.  Always will be one of my favorite places in Seoul", March 2016
9,3.0,Small for a university campus ,I like the campus because there's a free basketball court and soccer fields nearby it's also conveniently close to restaurants and the subway, March 2016
10,2.0,NIce to see,Nothing to see at this place walk a total of 4 minutes and you have seen the whole campus for such a big name it had less then big qualities!, June 2015
11,5.0,So nice Christmas day,"Beautiful decorations for Merry Christmas season. Many shopping, restaurants and nightclubs. Not much crowd, most of students.", December 2015
12,5.0,Great for young people,Very crowded due to the university...many shops and cheap...of course many coffee shops .... After 6.00 pm it's completely different..you can see someone sings, October 2015
13,3.0,Not poor but then again not average,, January 2015
14,3.0,Average,"It was just another university to be hones. Even though there it was not as beautiful as Ehwa Women University, It still has its own charm. Not far from the university there were students bazaar during weekend that sells lot of Art student products. ant there were nice cafes along the road side as well.", July 2013
15,4.0,Trendy eateries and cafes,"With many university students passing through, the area is known for its youthful culture and atmosphere - at night there are many clubs and nightlife which one can enjoy. In comparison to Myeong-dong, the night markets are smaller - but sell similar things, like accessories and fashion. There are some very nice cafes around - even a Hello Kitty themed one.", April 2014
16,4.0,Great for shopping!,"Like what some of the reviews mentioned here, it's the surrounding area of Hongik University you'll be more interested in because the areas has many shops and places for you to eat. The clothes sold there are relatively cheap too so it's definitely recommended for all shopaholics out there!:)", June 2013
17,4.0,Marvelous Macarons,"The area around Hongik University (known as Hongdae, pronounced 'Hong-day') is full of interesting little shops, artistic cafes, mini galleries and unique shopping experiences.  The macarons are amazing, just down the street from the broadcasting station...", September 2012
18,4.0,"Nice Campus, Near Nightlife-clubs and bars catering to college kids and foreigners",Nice campus located in a nice district. I used to live near this campus and like took occasional strolls on campus to visit friends. Famous for its artisan structures and relative closeness to the clubs and nightlife., January 2013
19,5.0,Hongik University is just a university - it's the area surrounding the university you will want to see!,, May 2012
20,5.0,Best arts university in Korea,"One can see many art projects and if you want to study somewhere but don't want to pay for an expensive coffee, there are several study halls that people can use.  Technically they are for Hongik University students only but there is no one checking id.", August 2011
21,3.0,Worth exploring,"We wandered into this university after walking up the hill from the Hongdae subway exit. Probably not a tourist destination but personally I believe it's worth a walk-through. Someone from our traveling group jumped in on a basketball pickup game and ended up being ""schooled"" by the Korean students. It's amazing that they ran up and down the courts and ended the games by running instead to bottle waters .... cigarettes. We were NOT expecting that :-)  From the bottom of the entrance looking up towards the campus, there appeared to be a yellow Ferrari sports car parked giving me a perception that wow, this University must have a very priviledged students ... or faculty member. But after walking up to it, the viewers are in for a surprise. There are also nice large pieces of artwork scattered throughout the campus probably designed by students (can't read Korean). The university bookstore is not like the bookstores in the United States. The university bookstore is literally a bookstore -- books only. So don't bother trying to pick up a sweatshirt or souvenir. The students were very friendly and some spoke very good English.", June 2011
