,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Busking,The area is a bit small. A lot of buskers during the night. It is always crowded and happening. We spent few hours here. You can find lot of good restaurants too. Nice experience., October 2019
1,5.0,Some Soul from Seoul,Grab a piece of art to take with you. Some real gems here. Don't leave without a visit. Pricing is very reasonable and in some cases cheap for what you get. Get an old woodblock print!, June 2019
2,3.0,Worth a side trip... Maybe.,"It is a really small flea market selling crafts and other knick-knacks. Luckily, it is located in an area which is waaaaaay more interesting.  I really do not have much to talk about this place really. I guess if you are within the vicinity, you can drop by for a quick visit.", October 2019
3,3.0,Smaller than expected,The market was smaller than we expected with only around 20 -25 stalls on the day we visited. It’s in a very lively area with lots of shops and drinking places. Probably not worth a special trip but if you’re in the area..., October 2019
4,5.0,Hip and Happening street and shops,"First time here on a Chuseok holidays, I thought will be quiet but surprisingly NOT! The place is hip and happening with street performance about 5 different type to watch and support and you may tip them for some cash :) walk along the streets with so many ladies clothes,", September 2019
5,3.0,Not sure what I was looking for ...,"I came to the location after 1 PM that’s when the information said that it “opened” - but found ... a regular street of shops and stalls, and a few “buskers,” but certainly nothing that wasn’t open an hour before. I wandered pretty extensively, so I’m confident I was in the", June 2019
6,4.0,Worth visiting ,"Lots of things happening here - plenty of atmosphere- buskers, great shops  food stalls and even nicer cafes (where you can actually sit!)  Good prices here as it is in a university area and caters for kids with not a lot of money.", June 2019
7,5.0,More Great Shopping.,Another gem provided by our driver.  We met an artist who did wonderful oil paint reproductions of actual photographs for an very low cost.  We visited the market in the afternoon and paintings of our three grandkids and two of my favorite airplanes were delivered to our hotel, May 2019
8,4.0,Artsy Stuff All-Around,"Every time we visit Seoul, we always schedule a weekend to go to Hongdae Art Free Market. It is an open area where artists get the chance to showcase their talents thru stuff like jewelries, potteries, leather goods, clothes, postcards, paintings, etc. All designs are handmade.", April 2019
9,3.0,Hip and Youthful ambience ,"A place for youngsters and teens. Lots of apparel shops, cafes etc. There were teens performing K pop dance and songs. We went on a Monday so it was not really crowded. A must go place for the young and young at heart.  ", April 2019
10,5.0,Lively place,Lots of food and apparels store. The place is livelier with the younger generations vibes. It is a must not miss place to go visit when in seoul., December 2018
11,5.0,So much street food to try,Is totally different with Myeong Dong walking street. Selling different range of stuff and food. Must pay a visit when in Seoul. , November 2018
12,5.0,Market,You can find anything here and at reasonable prices! This area it's always packed! Been here so many times, November 2017
13,4.0,Amazing place for youngsters,"Highly recommended for youngsters who enjoy music and dance.. we went there on Saturday, quite packs with people.. those who got plenty of time can just sit back and enjoy the street performance and dance.. if ur lucky enough u may encounter guerilla date with kpop idol there", September 2018
14,3.0,nice place,"For college going crowd. they buy stuff like tops, purse, wallet, mobile covers, suitcases from here plus a few restaurants. May be more lively in evenings.", August 2018
15,5.0,Shopping street!,"A great place for shopping and enjoy street food there, cater more to younger generations thou, overall worth visits.", May 2018
16,5.0,Fun Shopping & Food,"I enjoyed my visit to Hongdae, shopping was nice but i enjoyed the street food very much ! Bought lots of face masks and some blouses.. There's magic & singing performances as well along the road. Will be coming back when I have the chance..", October 2017
17,3.0,"Small, not many vendors, everyone selling almost the same things/concept applied to different textiles or objects","I was expecting much more diversity in goods and designs when I read that there was an application to sell at the free market.  When I went, most were selling jewelry, some were selling leather goods, some textiles, some paper goods with original art.  some portrait drawing", April 2018
18,5.0,Chill shopping and eating area,"This place had really good stores for shopping - cosmetics, clothes, shoes, bags, and everything else. As for food, there are many good restaurants too, and some icecream places that sell really long swirl ice creams. It's a must visit. I visited this place at least thrice,", February 2018
19,5.0,Must-do for Cheap Finds,"Very vibrant and lots of young people around. Lots of street shops selling affordable ladies clothings, cosmetics and socks. Better than Myeongdong in my opinion. If you have time to only visit Myeongdong or Hongdae, I will say visit Hongdae! ", March 2018
20,4.0,Street performers on sat & sun ,"It was full of younger crowds during the weekend , came here during Sunday evening , saw tourist information people standing and they taught me from the map given by them to walk to a street nearby for shopping which was korea boutique selling trendy clothes , the Main Street", March 2018
21,5.0,Great Shopping Area,"Lots of great stores here, clothing and skin care come to mind, oh and shoes.  Didn't see an Art Market, though saw many signs of art on the street.  Street perfomers, good bars and restaurants and street performers, what more could you want!", November 2017
22,5.0,Went to Shopping Street,"Daebakkk!!  you know if i had a lot of money i'd definety visit every store.  there's like a lot of stores, clothing, skincare, some souvenirs, also odeng (fish cake) and tteopokki.  watch busking here too!! there's a lot of talented people perform here :)", December 2017
23,5.0,Shopping Street,The free market doesn’t operate in Dec.  Instead I went to the shopping street in Hongdae.  What a vibe!  Youngsters are everyone and all the stalls are playing fun music.  Makes me feel like dancing to the beat.  Some shoppers even brought exotic pets (raccoons?) and attracted, December 2017
24,3.0,"Young people's street, performances.....","This place stands out as a place for the young people. Lots of shops, cafes & restaurants catering to this group of people.  Many aspiring K-Poppers (either dancing or singing) perform in the open walkways. Hoping to get lucky to catch the eye of scouts.  But be careful- there", November 2017
25,5.0,Come here just for street performance ,"Not sure if the performances are good or not, but it’s something I’d recommend every to experience.  There’re also tons of restaurants along the way.", October 2017
26,1.0,nothing much to see,Fast foods Brands u can see everywhere around the city Nothing much really But if u r bored u should come here n get sandwiched by the youngsters and foreigners , October 2017
27,2.0,Disappointing,"Even if the area is young and active, the art free market is quite small with nothing really artistic out of the ordinary crafts", September 2017
28,4.0,Cool nightlife for youngsters!,"Very happening. Full with cafes, shops, and restaurants. The price are moderate. Very easy to access because near with subway station.", November 2016
29,5.0,Nice Shopping Spot,A very hit hot shopping areas for young people.  Sport shoes and trendy fashions you can found here.  Also many nice restaurants around.  The coffee shops here are very special and stylist.  Worth to come during night time experience the big crowd shopping fun., September 2017
30,5.0,"Place with good vibe, good food and shopping!",A lot of shops and restaurants in the area. There are a lot of street performers too so you can stop by and watch the local teens dance/singing performances. There are also a lot of bars so might encounter some drunk people at night., April 2017
31,5.0,Good shopping place,"5 to 10mins walk from Hongaik MRT station exit 9. I prefer Hongdae than Dongdaemun. Its a shopping paradise with cafés, KTV and restaurants. There's even Kpop singing at one of the street. It's definitely worth the trip.", June 2017
32,4.0,Shopper Paradise for young people,"There are many shops selling clothes, caps and mobile cases. Besides, there are also several coffee shops and juice shops so people can buy some drinks and snacks when they do shopping. There will be lots of people in the evening.", May 2017
33,5.0,Bustling,The place is bustling with people of all nationalities and walks of life. Many fun seeking students and opened shops even late into the night. Most fascinating is the lighting and security; it seems like day light even at night. Are you craving for fun? Then stop over at  this, May 2017
34,5.0,Fantastic Day out - soak up the atmosphere,"While this is the domain of the young don't let it put you off. Heaps of street food, students entertaining dance, music and acrobatics, interesting fashion particularly mobile phone accessories, it's a great day out to really feel the Seoul atmosphere. It's easy to get to as 3", May 2017
35,5.0,The best place in Seoul for a night out,"If you travel to Seoul, make sure you visited Hongdae!  During the evening the street performers come alive, food stalls send amazing smells across the streets enticing you to reach for your pocket and locals shop for bargains.  This place is busy, be warned! The atmosphere", September 2016
36,4.0,cool vibe at night,"lots of street performances, shops, restaurants, a great district for me! wish i could spend more time checking out more shops.", May 2017
37,5.0,Hustle and bustle .,"Lots of things to do and shop.  Mainly more stalls selling fashion items, bits and pieces. Young and trendy place with a.Uni nearby. Like Myeongdong without the beauty stuff.", April 2017
38,5.0,Great area,"Vibrant and lovely place filled with cafes, restaurants and shops. Prices are moderate and affordable and you'll find some Korean specialities and goods as well as international store. It's close to the public transport and it's a great way to be a part of the city and all of", April 2017
39,1.0,Where,"Should have done research. Went there Monday noon time. Nothing going on, at all. Area around has little shops selling clothes mostly.", April 2017
40,5.0,Nice place to shopping and find something to eat,"Actually i stayed at hostel in Hongdae so Hongdae is really nice place i walked to market every day to shopping and had dinner there, a lot of young people also every weekend you will see young people show dancing, singing, rap etc. it gave a good energy there", January 2017
41,3.0,The hip place ,One of the places where you need to visit when you're in Seoul. It has very nice atmosphere. Lots of youths are around this area. There were street performances by various groups of youth - from dance to singing. Lots of things to see!, February 2017
42,5.0,Nice live adea,"The area is full of small shops , small restaurants and bars .. very active and a live . U will find so many singers in middle playing guitars and singing in English or Korean . Very nice ", February 2017
43,4.0,Honeymoon @ Hongdae Street,"It was snowing when we were here. Lots of young people.  As it was snowing and lots of people, it wasn't very conducive to shop. Very cumbersome if you want to buy clothes as you have to take off your winter wear etc...  There are many restaurants, cafes, street food and fashion", February 2017
44,4.0,Crowded and happening place,This place is full of young people because of Hongik University. There are a lot of trendy clothes along the streets. Nice to walk around. , December 2016
45,5.0,Very exciting and happening market street,"A street lined with restaurants and shops, what's there not to like. We went on a Friday night, hence it was a good crowd. Plenty of food and shopping choices. Also, there's a 3 storey arcade, with claw machines on the ground level. Good fun!", December 2016
46,4.0,Shopping and eating ,"A very ""happening"" place filled with young people. There are lots of stuff to shop and eat also. The food street has very wide range of restaurant, cafe and food street stall that we can feast. ", December 2016
47,5.0,As good as Myeongdong and Ihwa,"Hongdae Free Market is as good as Myeongdong and Ihwa or even better than these two areas. The visitors are mostly teens and students that studying in Hongik University. Many things to buy and foods are great after all. Of course, souvenirs are available as well.", November 2016
48,5.0,Crowded and interesting streets ,I knew this place will be crowded but was pleasantly surprised to see so many locals at weekend. Teens and youngsters that comb the street. There must be a sale for limited edition LIne bear going on. I saw lots of people carrying that item.   Highly recommend to come and walk, December 2016
49,4.0,Love the free market and the buzz ,This Saturday free market brings together the crafts of designers young and old and i enjoyed my time just strolling and checking out the stuff available.   It is quite a small market so not much time has to be dedicated . As this is right in the midst of the hongdae shopping, November 2016
50,3.0,Nice evening walk,"Well, it is a street market with some atmosphere, but I wouldn't say there is something extraordinary there. ", October 2016
51,4.0,Trendy fun place ,"Trendy fun place to chill and walk around.  Crowded with hipsters and tourists, it's a nice cool place to munch on the delicious night market snacks and soak in the ambience around the area.  ", October 2016
52,5.0,Looks nice from the outside,Closed 2nd and 4th tues. so plan accordingly. Seems very big and interesting. We ended up eating at a food stall on the street that had great soup and dumplings., October 2016
53,5.0,Go here at night time,"Along with Myeongdong this place is a must visit at evenings. See how Korean youth are expressing themselves with music, dance and other acts. The area is packed with stores and restaurants and the streets are packed with young people enjoying themselves. This place should be a", September 2016
54,4.0,Entertainment at night - where the youngsters hangout,"I only visited at night and there were full of bars, pubs, cafe, restaurants, Karaoke, retails shops etc. The live performance was amazing and managed to get quite a good crowd.   If you are after some places to hangout or some entertainment till late - you can always check out", August 2016
55,5.0,Living Street,I would recommend this place for shopping at the same ranking as Myeongdong street. Whole street is living both day and night time.You can find every teenage stuff at this place and it is the best place to find sneakers in Seoul., September 2016
56,5.0,Hongdae,"Great to walk around. Lots of places to shop, some local street food as well. Close to Hongik University (party)", August 2016
57,5.0,Great for shopping and walking around,"We visited twice, both were during the night time. The shops stay open quite late, and there are street performances until the middle of the night. We left around 1 am, and there were still musicians performing and people hanging around. This was during summer time, though, so I", July 2016
58,4.0,Interesting artsy place ,"We had our individual caricature drawn here. The lady was really talented ! And she took only a mere 2-3 mins to complete it. Drawing it based on eye contact, she traces our faces on a sheet of clear plastic placed in front of us on an easel. She's so popular that it formed a", August 2016
59,5.0,Just a very nice Market,"I loved it there. A lot of stores, little shops and restaurants. I even found a few Vintage Stores which was really nice. Absolutely a Market to check out.", August 2016
60,5.0,Great place!!,Really nice place to visit on weekend!! A lot of people here. Many many shop for shopping. Nice place to meet. Must to go to there!, July 2016
61,4.0,Full of activities!,"We went there after visited Ehwa University. The clothes there are slightly expensive than Ehwa, but we find a good bargain on shoes 😍. The whole place is crowded. People performing on streets, food and we even come across an idol group is promoting there (we couldn't see who", July 2016
62,5.0,Very lively and unique,Great place to visit on a weekend night as the atmosphere is very lively. Streets are lined with dancers and singers performing and there are more unique shops as compared to the other attractions in seoul which pretty much sell the same stuff. , May 2016
63,3.0,Small market for young girls,"Went there on a Sat.  Take Hongik Univ subway (line 2) , exit 9, its opposite to the Hongik Univ. Its a relatively small market with 30 odd stores setup selling mostly accessory for girls age 16-25. I think most are hand made items. Nothing much interesting for male audience. In", June 2016
64,4.0,"Trendy cheap clothes, young and energetic hangout place",Many trendy clothes along the walk. Some you can bargain with them but not over do it. Varities choices of cuisine. The restaurant located at the small street can be cheaper than the main street., April 2016
65,5.0,Really cool place for to hang out on a weekend ,"Went to Hongdae last weekend for the first time. Had a great time. The streets are alive like many other areas in Seoul. This place though has a different feel. There are students and others performing dances, singing, playing instruments and rapping all over. There are great", May 2016
66,5.0,Superb,"I love Hongdae area! I love the free market and the vibe of this area. Spending my weekend in the end of April in Hongdae and come to the free market, it was such an amazing experience.", April 2016
67,5.0,Love this place so much ,"Every time when I visit Seoul, this is one of the must-go places as we can found lots of interesting stuffs and restaurants there, also many artists like singing and acting here which made this place more energetic and young. ", April 2016
68,3.0,Chilly but full of energy,"Coming from Hanoi, I was definitely cold so I could not wait to go find a thick jacket of some sort while shopping in Hongdae. They had great accessories like hats for 5,000 won and much street food galore. The fashion was up to date, some quirky, others super unique. But, I", April 2016
69,5.0,Shopping Heaven!,"This place has EVERYTHING. Food,clothing,random items,etc. Anything you're looking for you can find here. Prices are reasonable and it's not too crowded if you get there before 5-6pm but after that...it's very packed.I would recommend this place. I can't wait to go back and", April 2016
70,4.0,One day is not enough,"If you are into shopping, one day seems not enough to see everything here. Most of the stalls show stylish apparel that are popular to millenials (since it is near Hongik Univ). Aside from the shops, there are also many places where you can have meals, snacks and desserts. Trick", October 2015
71,4.0,"Hongdae, a nice place for young people","Its not exactly cheap and the food variety are not as much as Myeongdong but for youngsters, this might be where they want to be during a trip to Seoul. New trendy clothes, students from nearby Honggik University performing and many good bites all around. Recommended for young", October 2015
72,4.0,Another cool street in Seoul,"If you are into shopping, then you might want to stick with Myeong Dong. If you want cheap souvenirs, go to Insa Dong but if you want to party and have some beers at clubs than come to Hongdae. During the day, it is calm and peaceful and you can grab a bite to eat and shop at", February 2016
73,5.0,Amazing atmosphere,"This is such a nice street, not too long that you cannot get to the end of it but you can easily spend half a day there if you want, just because of how nice it is. It's a very artsy place with both high-end and low-end shops. The food is amazing, and the street food stalls will", December 2015
74,4.0,Casual shopping and sightseeing,"Even though I'm a local, and I've been there so many times, when I go back to Korea I always make a trip to this street. There are a few vintage shops, mostly affordable street fashion of Seoul. Average cafes here and there - all the good small ones moved out in the last 5 years", December 2015
75,4.0,Walking through Hongdae on a Saturday night,We mainly stood along the sides of the crowded roads while artists sang or gave performances. Plenty of things to buy and eat here., November 2015
76,3.0,Below expectations,We visited the free market on Sat afternoon but it was rather dissapointing due to the small number of stalls. Some of the handcrafted items looked interesting but rather expensive. There are quite a few stalls doing caricature. You may want to just take a quick stroll if you, November 2015
77,4.0,Feels like im in harajuku,"Hongdae,u ll find some fancy cafes n restaurants n another area lots of drinking n barbeques at night. Style nanda ,multibrand store wth 3ce makeup n clothes. To shop for funcky stuff wth higher retail price.", November 2015
78,3.0,Different during the day and night,"During Saturday mornings, Hongdae Free Market offers (mostly) Korean self-made products, which comprise various trinklets and artsy-related items that you may not see in other markets around Seoul. At night though, it turns into a lovely avenue for creative talents to showcase", October 2015
79,4.0,Creative ,I'm a lover of arts and crafts and local people making and sharing their art. There are lots of handmade arts and crafts hear you're looking for a handbag or a necklace this is the place and it's reasonably priced.  It's really great because family can come here and enjoy, November 2015
80,5.0,The New Must Visit Place,"I'm not sure if I am the only one who felt this way, but Myeongdong didn't seem as happening as when I visited 3 years ago.  The whole place seem to be swarming with foreign tourists, and for me if I go to another country, it would be nice to see more local people than foreign", October 2015
81,4.0,Young shopping district,Feels different from Mingdong as not much big chains retailers. Lots of local shops with a few young designer shop around. Nice street performance by local young people along the street and you can enjoy for free at the restaurant on both side., October 2015
82,3.0,Mostly local stuff,"Its another market where you can just have a look, interested in local handmade stuff? you can bargain.. and like most market even these people take cash only!", August 2015
83,5.0,Must visit places,"What a good places to shopping and hang out with my friends..so many stylist people walking around in hongdae..the price of the clothes also cheaper than gangnam..even compare in my city, surabaya..the price is much cheaper..you can get the latest trendy clothes with cheaper", September 2015
84,4.0,"Chill out, street music, street food, hang out with friends, drinking","I went there in night, Saturday & Monday, after 9pm. It was rather empty during Monday. But it was really crowded with young people on Saturday. I just drank and talked with friends. There are street music, street food, hang out with friends, people drinking. ", August 2015
85,5.0,Great vibe,This is probably the most energetic party of the city. A maze of restaurants and shops makes for a wonderfully lazy walk. Stop by the bars and ice cream shops. Make sure to bargain cause the prices quoted aren't the final prices. , July 2015
86,5.0,Day and Night,"This place is great.  You will find many interesting stalls with all kinds of food. I tried few and it was so great. You get cheap and expensive shops along this road.   At night you will encounter many many students, especially on the weekends.", July 2015
87,4.0,Great place,"Hongdae market is the place u must visit in Korea. This place can almost find everything that you need, we go on Saturday's afternoon, this place crowded with lots of people.", April 2015
88,5.0,Great evenings and awesome people!,"When I first arrived in Seoul I booked a Hostel in Hongdae, which was the best choice I made I guess! Hongdae is kind of the center of everything in Seoul, at least that's what it felt like. People were singing, dancing, drinking, shopping and what not and all at the same time,", September 2014
89,5.0,Great place,"You must to visit when you go to hongdae because it' great free market place. This place full of hand made items from the student. You are interested with hand made items, the songs and everything that you can see.", May 2015
90,4.0,Crowd hangout place near Hongik College,"all-in-one shopping place.  you can find almost everything you need in hongdae free market. cafe, coffee shop, clothing, souvenir, restaurant. everything in wallet-friendly price.  keep aware with your belongings since this place is always crowded with lots of people.  Have a", May 2015
91,4.0,Great place with creative & unique finds! ,"This place is brimming with youthful energy. What I loved was how so many students with artistic talents were gathered together to either perform musically, or showcase their creations at the free market!  You must shop here !!! You'll find the most unique jewelry, accessories,", May 2015
92,4.0,Not just a Market! it's Shopping Street!!,"must visit place to shop for cosmetic, facial & fashion item. pack w/tourist & local people.  lots of cafe, cosmetic shop.", April 2015
93,5.0,best place to stay in seoul,"i must say, hongdae is my favourite area to stay in seoul, the are consists of well-known restaurant, shop, and bar..since it nears hongik university, people who hang around is basicly youngster, student , and foreigner, the ambience is really nice there, you can just walk", November 2014
94,5.0,Not just a Market!,"Hongdae is the Night Life Capital of South Korea...lots of Clubs, and a melting pot of cultures.  Its a perfect clash between westerners and Asia!!!  Bring comfortable shoes and plenty of Won, because is gonna be a LONG NIGHT (in a good way)!!!", March 2014
95,5.0,Korean version of Portobello Market,"Coming here like hanging around Portobello Market. You got everything unique from invented food trucks to one of a kind tapestries. If you're lucky, you can see gigs of Hongik students", October 2014
96,4.0,Creative Items,"The Hongdae Market is held regularly on weekends and is located front of the main entrance to Hongik University, right next to the playground. Known as the Free Market on Saturday and the Hope Market on Sunday. There are no used goods, only creative unique items that are created", October 2014
97,5.0,Awesome place to find custome designs for a cheap price!,Located next to Hongdae University main gate on Sundays it is a lively market for upcoming designers to showcase their products!  It is all custom made as far as I know!  Cheap prices!  A must go to to!, November 2014
