,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,High-End Mall,Anything and everything here is expensive! All things are branded. It's a good place to visit and sight-see expensive stuff.   The bottom floor has a supermarket and fantastic dining places. Check out BIG GUYS TEPPAN and order their lobster meal., December 2019
1,5.0,Rodeo Drive in a mall!!!,"This mall is for high rollers. It has, just to name a few, Prada, Tiffany, Hermes, Fendi, and Christian Dior. It is so fun to visit, the 1st floor is a grocery store. The pastries and baked goods are amazing. There are also restaurants down there! Visit even if you don't spend", October 2019
2,5.0,Amazing department store ,This store is amazing when you get inside there is like you enter in other world 🌍. Everything looks so good 😊 May be a little expensive., September 2019
3,5.0,Great Department Store and Food Court!!,Great department store with local and international items.  Duty free occupies the top few floors with a lot of choices.  The supermarket has high quality products and the food court selection is fantastic!! Definitely get in line for the fried chicken (boneless). , April 2019
4,1.0,My Thai Review,I ordered beef rice noodle(pho) and shrimp fried rice. It was such a terrible experience. Both food were blend especially the noodle. The fried rice had no seasoning. I will never go back., September 2018
5,5.0,Had a alot of fun...,Could spend days in here with a lot of things to look at and choices of shopping stores. Had plenty of choices to eat at. , September 2018
6,4.0,Department store in Seoul,"This was our introduction to Seoul Shopping, and the typical multi level floors starting with beauty and ending with duty free with fashion and home at levels in between. The floors are not spacious so you seem to be going round and round using the escalators to get upstairs or", July 2018
7,4.0,A newer Hyundai department store in Dongdaemun ,"It was a good shopping experience in Hyundai , service was good , relaxing place . High end designers brands to mid range , children's wear . Each level different concept .There's one in Dongdaemun which just open in 2016 . ", March 2018
8,5.0,best place to shop high-end brands,"As most luxurius department store in korea, hyundai is nice place to buying gifts.  And you may meet Korean topclass actors by chance.", February 2018
9,5.0,EXCELLENT ,"EXCELLENT place to eat all kind of food, also perfect place for shopping.  Please visit supermarket which is in B1   Sincerely, Saraway", February 2018
10,2.0,"Great shopping, as long as you have a local credit card","Spent a couple of hours at this mall today. Great shopping, plenty of choice: in-store brunch, coffee & cake, clothes, cosmetics, electronic, pretty much all high-end, etc.... yet when it comes to paying there is an issue: overseas cards are an issue and barely accepted. Visa", October 2017
11,3.0,"Great food variety, but expensive",Hyundai department store is a multi-level high-end department store with its own metro stop and dedicated food court with separate interior restaurants. All of the food on display looks really good but isn't cheap. We ate lunch in one of the associated restaurants. Worth a, June 2017
12,5.0,Korean food hall heaven,This is Seoul's equivalent of the food hall in Harrods. Possibly even better - because here you can actually afford to buy the wonderful produce and creations on display. It's extremely popular with the locals. Great variety and great displays. There is a whole department store, May 2017
13,3.0,I ate at the food court,I ate at the food court of Hyundai Department Store Apgujeong Main. I ordered cold buckwheat noodles and it was OK., February 2017
14,5.0,Great Shopping - Excellent Food Court,"Great shopping all round - especially recommend to have a look at a Korean clothing brand called TIME, beautiful and creative clothing for women and men.  Food Court is also a ""must see"". Dare to try some local fare - easy to order, easy to love. Cold Noodle Soup (Mul", January 2017
15,5.0,The food court is excellent,"Higy recommend the food court downstairs here if you are a bit of an awkward solo traveller like myself. There's a large range of food which can be searched and selected (in English) on a computer screen. Once you've chosen, it prints off a little ticket for you to take to the", September 2016
16,5.0,Excellent and quality shopping mall,I was in Seoul at the end of September 2016 for a conference held in COEX convention center. This mall is near and interconnected with COEX convention center. Excellent shopping outlets for everything starting from 1st floor and up. Little costly but high quality products. At, September 2016
17,4.0,Mega premium shopping mall,"A popular up market shopping mall within COEX mall. Like any other premium mall, international brands is the main appeal, if you are into international brands. Every floor has its LCD screen on brand's location, that's a good point for easy reference. ", August 2016
18,5.0,Start on the very bottom floor.....,and work your way up.  It contains the most unbelievable food market.  There is everything imaginable.  I had a drink in a light bulb!!  The pastries are works of art.  And there are free samples!!  Upstairs there are high end areas.  The minute you walk into a department the, June 2016
19,5.0,Whopping ,One amazing shopping center with a variety of shops to choose from top end to bottom end... lots of eatery at the basement , October 2015
20,4.0,Great shopping center,Excellent shopping mall with several brands and good deals in designer brands. Easy to access by metro with many places to eat nearby. It is definitely worthy. , September 2015
21,5.0,Macarons!,We went to Hyundai because Pierre Hermes has a macarons location here and who doesn't want a taste of Paris while in Asia? Beautiful store with so much more. We really never made it out of the food and grocery level. Exit 6 off the orange subway line leads right into the store., September 2015
22,5.0,Perfect place to shop in Seoul,You will love this place the moment you enter. There is so much choice to shop and such nice staff to assist you. Even the outside is so beautiful. a must visit. Shop till you drop., May 2015
23,5.0,Fabulous looking store in and out.,"If you have been to Lotte or Shinsegae Department stores, then Hyundai may not seem too much different, except it seems to be more classier than the others.  If you have a chance to go out to the store, take the metro, line 3, orange to Apgujeong station and come out exit 6. ", June 2015
