,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,I wish I had more time here,"I came here on the first day of my arrival in Seoul because my daughter wanted to visit the Day 6 pop-up which was ending soon. Otherwise, I would not have thought of coming here. Somehow, I seldom get to visit shopping malls when I visit Seoul so this was actually a nice", November 2019
1,4.0,Great Mall,"Its a great place! Attached to Yongsan mrt station. This place is huge and designed to three sections, Living Park, Fashion Park and Shilla IPark Duty Free. It is also 3mins walk from the place we stayed, which is Novotel", November 2019
2,4.0,Original,, October 2019
3,4.0,Inner garden is cool,, August 2019
4,4.0,"Another shopping mall, but with much more","Like all the big shopping places in Seoul, this has a duty free section. However there are other things going for I-Park. There are a lot more food options, so it is a nice place to have a meal. Also there is a proper supermarket in the B1 & B2 floor, so if you want to buy Korean food this is one of the places to go.", June 2019
5,4.0,Like all other places,Been there on April 2019. There are lot of brands on each floor of the Mall. On 6th floor there is used and new mobile equipments... and i think it is the only place that “doesn’t fits” to style of this Mall. All other stores and food court as every standard big Malls, April 2019
6,5.0,And nice place to eat out and to do shopping,"It is a really big, friendly and exotic place where you can meet friends, eat and to do shopping at the same place. And don’t forget to check the calendar of events - you might be surprised", August 2018
7,4.0,Good for visit.,It's connected to Yongsan train station. Big mall and good for a visit. They have an event hall that brings some items to discount. It's good and cheap., February 2018
8,3.0,"""Normal"" mall not worth making the special long trip here......",, November 2017
9,3.0,There are better places in Seoul to waste your time,"The mall comprise of multiple complexes, however not all connected to each other. Only the electronics and the toy floors are interesting. The mall is filled with European/Western brands, and often more expensive than in Europe. Additionally, the 3rd floor of the duty free mall sells good, which you have to pick up at the airport. This I figured out after paying and standing there really confused why they refused to give me my products. I thought this really was a hassle, as it would've been inconvenient to repack my luggage after picking up my products at the airport. Luckily, they weren't too difficult about canceling my order.", November 2017
10,4.0,Good Mall,Good mall... little far from central... connected to train station... big mall... mostly good for locals and house products... good place for kids... not recommended for electronics because it is expensive.... behind the mall there is big electronics market... overall worth a visit., April 2017
11,4.0,Overwhelmed with Shopping!,"This mall is right at the Yongsan subway station. HUGE mall - 10 floors. It was a bit overwhelming due to size and the stores were all together - you walk from one to another on the floor- nothing that separates them. You can find anything from clothing, cosmetics, housewares and toys. Great for the person who enjoys shopping!", May 2017
12,5.0,Best Mall in Seoul,, April 2017
13,4.0,nice shopping mall with duty free stuffs,, January 2017
14,4.0,Many options for shopping and entertainment.,"This shopping mall is located in Yongsan, where you can find an huge eletronic market, and also several department stores, restaurants and cinemas. In the eletronic market is mandatory to bargain, because it is traditional in this market. The first price normally is not the final price.", February 2017
15,3.0,Right next to yongsan subway station,"Had a short visit here. If you are hungry, take the escalator up after you exit the gantry of the subway and there is immediately a row of restaurants. At the end of it, you'll find a nice korean restaurant. Compared to the other restaurants, this one is slightly cheaper. The toilets in the mall are very clean clean.", January 2017
16,4.0,"Bought Nice shoes, elec., nail, tea and icecream","We enjoyed our time there, my wife made her nails, we bought some nice shoes and clothes (but you have to dig for good prices and select sale on some items - we got from uni qlo and others) and also bought adaptors from Coms (electronics shop) and tried the rice icecream and korean tea. For muslim halal food we had to go to Eid restaurant (v.good) in itaewon but this took long time to get back.", September 2016
17,5.0,Enormous!!,"Went here to check out the electronics market. Anything electronics you are looking for, you will find here! Products from around the world. I didn't know there were so many camera companies and that each one made so many different kinds of cameras! Loved the music instrument section!", June 2015
18,5.0,Eletronics,"If you need any eletronic device, it is the perfect local to buy... You can found cameras, new mobile phones, second hand (as new) mobiles, games, notebooks, tablets, laptops, Tvs, eletrodomestics, clothes, fornitures....", October 2015
19,4.0,Wow... take your idea of a Mall... flush it.,, August 2015
20,4.0,like a labyrinth...,I went there so manytimes so I can find anythIng inside but difficult for first visitors. But there're many shops inside that's why it's so available for you., May 2015
21,1.0,"Terrible service, terrible and rude sales people",, February 2015
22,3.0,Average Mall,"It was a mall, it seemed like every store had the same thing on the same level.  I wasn't too impressed with it.", August 2014
23,3.0,Ok but don't buy electronics,"The I-Park mall is conveniently located next to a major underground station. On the ground floor you will find an array of electronic goods, including smart phones and cameras. Unless you speak the language and are prepared to take some risks, do not buy anything there as the prices are not on display, they are made up there and then just for you, and there is no way to verify the quality of the goods. Also, always remember that tourists are the favourite victims of scams. On other floors you will find toys, stationery, food, a cinema, clothes (mostly western brands that you can buy back home), household goods, beauty products (again the very same you will see in Myeong Dong), cute baby dogs and pets (see pics), a little bit for everyone. I bought some cute stationery.", September 2014
24,4.0,Huge and convenient place where to dine.,"The IPark Shopping Centre, very close to a subway station, a rather large Mall placed throughout 3-4 floors, I spent one late evening here after visiting the nearby River Park, where I could find a huge selection of restaurant and accordingly the ideal place where to dine. What I clearly remind were restaurants, but I also saw plenty of bars and coffee shops.", April 2014
25,4.0,Fast paced mall,"Great visit to the mall, lots of interesting stores, and the layout is a little difficult to navigate the first time, as it seems that at times you are walking around in circles.  There is a cyber market next to it with all manner of electronic devices.", July 2014
26,4.0,A bit disappointed,"The mall is on top of Yongsan station so easy to get to. Has dedicated floors for electronics - cameras, mobile phones, laptops, tablets, TVs, household goods, etc. Prices are more expensive than in Australia. Also have shops for clothes, shoes and household furniture. Not exactly a shopping paradise.", December 2013
27,5.0,Another Shopping Mecca In Seoul,, November 2012
