,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,slide and igloo like seating,it's nice to get out of the heat and humidity.  there's a slide you can slide down.  watch the low clearance of some of the doorways.  they give you a poncho to stay warm but it's literally an icebox/freezer you're walking into so it's not much help.  you'll likely only last, July 2019
1,5.0,Freezing cool!,"It was really, really cold (as the name already tells you^^) but it was a nice experience to go in there. they have cute culptures and even a slide. they are really creative and made this place unique! It's worth visiting. ", October 2018
2,3.0,Fun little place!,"On the same floor as the Trick Eye Museum and while -1 is a little cold, definitely worth a visit. There's a fun slide and we saw some cute installations. The lightning is nice as well, people of all ages will enjoy it, however I wish it were a little bigger or round walk.", March 2018
3,2.0,Closed,"This place is closed down now.  We went in September, showed up and the sign was gone but the painting was still there.  There is no information online that says it is closed or when it closed so unless they are just remodeling you will have to skip.", September 2015
4,4.0,"Cold as Ice, Slide was fun","It was near the trickeye museum. We went in an it was freezinggggg. We tried to take as much pictures as fast as possible. It was quite big, big enough to fit a slide. The slide was quite fun, did it afew times before running out", June 2014
5,4.0,Fun in the cold,"It is hard, I guess, to have an ice-themed attraction in a building downtown somewhere, but the Ice Gallery in Seoul pulled it off quite nicely. While the space was a bit too small to fully enjoy it at leisure, the gallery does have several beautiful or amusing ice sculptures,", August 2014
6,5.0,Walking in a freezer,"Visiting the Ice Gallery is like walking in an ice box. The interior has to be set below 5 degree to maintain the sculpture within. Visitors are supplied with towel blankets to keep themselves. In it on display various objects including living room, bedroom, igloo-like", November 2013
