,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,All good,Good shopping Good coffee Good food  IFC has it all and it runs straight to the underground station that takes you anywhere, December 2019
1,4.0,Nice upscale mall,"Yeouido is the financial district and hence the IFC mall is upscale in its nature. Clean, organized, with a nice variety of shops and restaurants. In the basement there is a plethora of restaurants of all kinds, worth a visit. The Conrad hotel is right next door and overall it", August 2019
2,5.0,"Beautiful, pristine shopping center. Great place for people watching.","I visited this mall first week in August, 2019. I enjoyed it. I have to say I don't quite understand the observation made by some reviewers that it's not a particularly ""authentic"" Seoul experience. There's nothing inauthentic in the South Korea of 2019 about high end shopping", August 2019
3,4.0,High-end mall in Yeouido,"Premium mall under the International Finance Centre (IFC) buildings next to Yeouido Park.  Connected to Yeouido Station and Conrad Hotel.  Many international and luxury brands (not really the place to come for a bargain...).  Large number and range of eateries, from coffee shops", July 2019
4,5.0,Everything you need,It was in basement of Conrad Hotel where I was staying. Everything you need under 1 roof. Being Muslim I was looking for halal food and IFC mall is one of the very few places with halal cuisine ( Hummus Kitchen ) in Seoul. It’s a great place to stay for business travelers.  , February 2019
5,4.0,"Just Like Home,but better","A sparkling clean mall with most of the usual suspects (the inevitable, inescapable Starbucks).  If you are looking for an authentic experience forget about it, but for a comfortable Westernized experience worth a visit.  Underground, and connected directly to Conrad Seoul.", October 2018
6,5.0,Great Mall,Some Koreans do not like this mall and I am not sure why.  It is greattt! It is large and has lot of stores. I like the book store and lot of restaurants.  This place is not so crowded except meal time. Come here on a weekday during lunch hour and you will  see all the salary, January 2018
7,3.0,Only if you happen to be staying nearby,"I visted the mall coz i was staying at the Conrad and they were connected. 3 floors of the usual international brands, a cinema, a food court and restaurants. Wouldn't go out of the way to visit otherwise.", June 2018
8,3.0,"Place to eat, nice interior ","Visiting here on lunch time, we found this mall had an interesting interior outside. It was just like any other mall that's connected to subway station. The mall had high end brands. The nice things about this mall is it had a lot of restaurants. We went to McDonald's for a", January 2018
9,2.0,Only a few decent stores,"If you are looking for clothing, this mall only has a few major brand name stores. Do not be confused by IFC 1, 2, and 3. It is all a part of one mall despite the three entrances. It is rather small compared to malls in the U.S. The food court is decent but you will most likely", November 2017
10,3.0,Nice,The reason we visited the place due direct access through our hotel Conrad. With access to the metro station. Still not so many shops open. With some restaurants and coffee shops., August 2017
11,3.0,Boring,"IFC was advertised as a huge centre for shopping and activities, but it’s actually so boring, the design was not impressive, scale is around middle, not many shopping attracts can be found here.  Myeongdong street is a suggestion for any shopping lover. ", September 2017
12,4.0,Conveniently Located Mall for the IFC Business centre visitors/office goers,"Conveniently located mall with lot of shopping options and eateries. Located a stones throw from Conrad in Yeuido and close to the IFC business centre, it offers travelers lot of options to shop, eat and unwind. A hypermarket is glaringly missing here.", August 2017
13,4.0,Convenient place ,I stayed at Conrad which has direct access to the mall.   There are all different types of restaurants and shops from baskin Robbins to traditional Korean restaurants. The mall is connected to subway line 9 and 5.  CGV movie theater also runs many movies even at mid night.  , August 2017
14,5.0,Great mall connected to the Conrad,We wandered through the mall.  It is clean and very busy.  Many choices for shopping with an entire level dedicated to food.  Plenty of choices for food/dining.  , July 2017
15,3.0,A functional mall - definitely not a destination,This is not a high end mall - the shops are mid/low range international (Massimo Dutti/Banana Republic/H & M) interspersed with a couple of mass-market local brands. There is a MASSIVE bookshop with a very decent selection of English language books including a good section on, July 2017
16,5.0,"Posh, clean and modern mall with an easy access. Plenty of shops to challenge your wallet.","In the midst of skyscrapers,  this mall is a haven for office workers, tourists and anyone looking for a good hang out place. I always enjoy visiting a bookstore, cafes and restaurants. With a large park and river near by, this will be everyone's favorite. ", May 2017
17,3.0,Great shopping mall but very very crowded,"As a mall this place is great. It has three floors of many western companies like Zara, H&M, Stradivarius and more. But we went there to have a good lunch after strolling the Yeoidu park which is just across the street and oh boy, I NEVER in my life have seen such a long waiting", April 2017
18,5.0,Got everything ,"We stayed at the Conrad hotel in the same building and took some time to do some shopping in the mall. I really liked it, there was Zara, HM, Bershka, Nike, Adidas. There was a cinema where I bought popcorn. It was my friends birthday so I also found cake and wine in the mall.", April 2017
19,4.0,IFC mall seoul,"very good prices, the best mall in seoul, more than lotte tower. including very good brands, and the mall is very beautifu.", April 2017
20,5.0,IFC,Connected to Line 5 & 9. Food court is great. It has like three floors. Very fancy and everything looks brand new, March 2017
21,4.0,Good for what it is,This is not the grandest of malls but for the area it is really good.  The area seems to be pretty business office saturated with not much retail.  This mall helps fill the void.  It is connected to the subway so that helps with access.  The stores are most of your larger name, January 2017
22,5.0,Great Brands,"It might be located a bit off from common tourist destinations. Located in the business district quite close to the Assembly Hall and KBS. However, mall features good brands such as A/X, Mango(He/She), Zara, Guess and others. There are eating places at the basement along with", December 2016
23,5.0,Nice shopping mall near Conrad Seoul,"Great place to shop and dine, with a direct access to the hotel I stay while visiting Seoul. It's convenient travelling here by subway as well. There are a variety of café and restaurants on the ground floor, do not forget to check out the food court for some Korean and", August 2016
24,5.0,Great mall with interesting design and art installations,This mall is very popular among the office crowd durinh weekdays mainly because it's surrounded by office buildings. We had lunch here and went around to see lots of stores for shopping.  I particularly liked the design and art installation in the plaza fronting the mall, November 2016
25,4.0,Very pleasant shopping mall,There are many popular brand clothes and others. No premium and expensive brand. The quality of almost restaurant is above average., October 2016
26,4.0,Very Nice Western-Style Mall in Yeuido Neighborhood,"The IFC (International Financial Center) Mall is a nice, medium-sized western-style mall in the Yeuido neighborhood. It is not located in the center of the action, which is what I like about it! You can access the mall easily from the subway. Stores and restaurants are what you", July 2016
27,5.0,A real western style mall in Korea,"This place has it all. Great shopping, restaurants and cinemas. At the intersection of subway lines 5&9 and next to Yeouido bus hub, it's very accessible. Also the impressive Yeouido Park is right across the street. ", July 2016
28,4.0,Good for windows shopping,I went there while staying at Marriott residences nearby in search of food options ... there is an indian restaurant in the food court which is not very authentic. However just behind IFC is a more authentic Indian restaurant - Ganga., August 2015
29,4.0,IFC mall is fantastic!,After work I often visit this place and watch movies or read and buy new books or buy clothes and always eat delicious food! This place is very convenient for fooling around doing nothing on holidays or after work! Always beneficial anyway., July 2016
30,3.0,"A large variety of food options, nothing much else","The first thing I want to point out is the fact that this mall is not very large. This aside, there are still many stores (mostly fashion). The thing that stood out in this mall was the plethora of food options available. Korean, Western, Vietnamese, Mexican, you name it. Aside", July 2016
31,4.0,Mall with lot of food option ,"I stayed at the Conrad hotel, so this mall become my regular food place. I am amazed by how many food option it offers, the whole floor L3 is basically restaurants, cafes and food court. The food is actually good with reasonable price. We didn't shop much here as most of the", July 2016
32,3.0,Average? ,"The mall is huge, I liked the modern architecture but nothing amazing in the mall. As we stayed at the Conrad and they have limited options for dining, we went to the food court. I was so into the Korean dishes, so ended up with a Korean spicy soup set. It was alright.   Try", May 2016
33,3.0,Good Place to Find Many Food Options,"Visited frequently while staying at the Conrad for food options.  Nice variety ranging from fast food (McDonald's, Asian Food Court) to mid-range (On the Border, Cotto for pizza, Chinese) a grocery/convenience/wine shop and various coffee shops.  Since the Conrad has limited", April 2016
34,4.0,Many choices,Numerous options for shoppers and even food lovers.  Nicely located close to subway station and there is a way to lead to Conrad Seoul hotel. A place for your to find brand shops and individual boutiques. Fun to be there!, February 2016
35,3.0,Not really for tourists.. you find mostly european/us stores here,It's a good place to grab lunch or catch a movie but the stores are what you'd find in any euro/us shopping mall.. Mostly draws locals and other asians who have money to burn. I think the only korean brand here is Beanpole. They do have an electronics/book store. If you are a, March 2016
36,4.0,Good variety ,If you're looking for shopping particularly if it's a rainy cold day this is the place for you. It's gotta chill atmosphere and its not as busy as other areas in Korea., January 2016
37,4.0,Shopping at International Finance Center Seoul,"International Finance Center Seoul is an International style shopping mall. it is bright, modern and spacey. It is open 10AM till 10 PM and features many international brands like Adidas, Gap and Banana Republic. ", October 2015
38,4.0,Modern convenience with a touch of Korean culture,IFC Mall is a good place to shop and visit as it has a mixture of modern stores but also a Korean marketplace. It also has convenient access to the subway and is very clean., October 2015
39,4.0,Pleasant for clothes shopping and eating.,"Pleasant place of restaurants, various shops and a movie theater CGV. If you come nearby Yeouido, this place is recommendable to visit. When I visit here, I buy some clothes in shops like UNICLO and eat delicious and reasonably priced food because so many famous restaurants are", September 2015
40,4.0,Great upscale food court,"We went there with a tour group.  The food court is incredible.  Took us a half hour to decide on a place to eat.  There were so many.  Walked around all the expensive stores afterwards.  Really not into shopping, but fun to window shop.", September 2015
41,3.0,high prices,this is a place for shoppers who don't mind spending a lot of money. I usually go to malls that sell for cheaper and have sales like Mario outlet or newcore malls., August 2015
42,4.0,My first point of dinner,"I was looking for food items near by my hotel and hotel staff recommended to this place. A good place and having food court in basement, Chinese, Korean restaurant and traditional coffee shop.  However, I was looking for some Indian food, which is not available in this place.  ", August 2015
43,3.0,Average Mall,We went to this mall because we stayed at the Conrad Hotel and it is connected.  There is nothing bad about it and it has your typical mall stores like H&M and Uniglo.  I would say that the grocery store was trying to be too fancy so it was hard to shop to get some things for, August 2015
44,4.0,"Big Mall, Impressive Design!",Visited twice; once in 2012 and the last in January 2015. A big mall with neat shops and restaurants.   Good to visit if you have luxury of time.   Enjoy! , January 2015
45,5.0,A most go to!,"It has every store imaginable! Sizes are limited though in almost all of the stores. Nike, Banana Republic, F21, Hollister, and many more. But there is a book store, Apple store, MANY restaurants, and a very very nice movie theatre. Easy access by subway, taxi, or driving. ", June 2015
46,4.0,Nice well planned out Mall,"Visited this mall on my last trip to Seoul . Nice well planned out mall with all the good brand shops . A lot of open spaces around for a person to relax after some hard core shopping .  They have a food court in the basement , which has a variety of cuisines like Chinese ,", March 2015
47,4.0,Awesome,The mall is very good with lot of top brands.  Has an amazing food court. It took me nearly 1 full day to completely see the mall. Only Drawback is they dont have a Currency Exchage counter hence before you go enchash the currency in a nearby bank., December 2014
48,4.0,A good place for food,"The food court is well worth visiting. A good selection of restaurants (including McDonalds and On The Border, not that I would ever go there). Some authentic Korean food too, all of it high quality and reasonably priced. Several high end stores.", November 2014
49,4.0,Well designed with good restaurants,"This mall is very nice and well designed.There are good restaurants Wasedaya, Pho Hanoi, Abiko, On the Border, and Tomatillo, Le Brunchic is also pretty good although a big expensive. There's also a very good food court with reasonably priced food. If you're looking to catch a", November 2014
50,4.0,"Luxury, but stale","I was staying at Conrad hotel which is conveniently attached to Mall. So this was a plus, easy elevator access and also more dinning and entertainment options during my stay.  Another big plus is that the train station is attached to the Mall.  I did see many stores, mostly high", November 2014
51,4.0,Good Mall,Very good and well designed Mall. The complex is huge and has lot of options be it shopping or dining. I was not on a shopping spree but really enjoyed the variety available there which is tempting. The food joints were equally good and I was pleasantly surprised to see an, June 2014
52,4.0,Happy Shopping,My wife and I visited Seoul and stayed at the Conrad Hotel. The IFC Mall is situated below the Hotel and therefore we greatly enjoyed walking through the stylish arcade and both of use found something to buy that makes us happy. The shopping mall is on three levels whereby the, January 2014
53,4.0,Really well designed mall,One of the best designed and most comfortable shopping malls we have ever visited. Blend of top class and medium priced retail stores. Food court has good variety and a well operated ordering system. The restaurant choice is excellent and the Korean restaurant is authentic and, October 2013
54,5.0,Full package mall,"Great place to shop for luxury high end brands! got myself some nice accessories - wallets and brand name phone cases and pair of nice shoes. You've got everything from shopping to food n coffee at this place. Nice bars at the rooftop (outdoors) with a nice view of the harbor, a", June 2013
55,4.0,Brand new international-name shops!,"The mall is different from the other malls in South Korea mainly owing to the number of international brands housed here. Unlike the IFC in Hong Kong that has over the top range shops, this one has moderately-priced shops like Hollister, H&M, Mango, Nike, Adidas, Zara. It also", August 2013
56,5.0,"Food, shopping",This is a typical mall in USA with prices that are so high.but if ur craving us food that's where you need to go.., March 2013
57,5.0,Very nice mall for Korea. Feels like a nice U.S. mall.,"As someone who's lived in Korea for a few years, I felt IFC Mall stood out compared to every other Korean mall. The layout is very American, and it has a good range of inexpensive to mid-range stores. This is not like the luxury-focused IFC Malls in Hong Kong or Singapore, so", February 2013
58,3.0,Very average mall,"The IFC MALL is located in a new financial district, some taxi driver don't know the location. It's just beside Conrad hotel.the mall is clean and bright,  it has 2-3 level, the basement has few restaurants ,a food hall, and a small supermarket ,while the other floor are", January 2013
59,5.0,Awesome~~~,This is only a few months old but is an awesome mall.  The IFC is easily gotten to from the subway and the stores are great.  It has a good layout and is a pleasant place to do mall shopping.  It is also to the only Hollister location in Korea.  On a cold or rainy day this is, December 2012
