,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Beautiful village,"Noisy tourists has become a big issues here. There are not much see anymore. A lot of murals are cleared by the residents. But still, it is a cute village with cute restaurants to dine in.", October 2019
1,5.0,Lost in a beautiful cute village`,"I reached Ihwa Mural Village around 5.30pm via Naksan Park (almost to sunset). Not much crowd which is lovely and i had the opportunity to just sit at one of the stairs waiting for sunset. it was calm, serene and very relaxing to just enjoy the environment and its surroundings. ", September 2019
2,2.0,Not much to see anymore.,Most of the murals are already faded.  The neighborhood is clean but there is really nothing much to see anymore.  There are also vandals written by the residents that they dont like tourist coming anymore because of the noise. Going there was difficult also even though I, November 2019
3,3.0,Hilly walk up,Be prepared for a strenuous walk up a 45deg incline steep slope as u walk from the subway station to Ihwa Mural Village and Naksan Park.  The murals are scattered far apart throughout the village so be prepared to walk more slopes as u look for the murals., November 2019
4,4.0,Delightful way to spend an hour,"There weren't so many murals but the neighborhood itself was delightful and sweet to explore.  If you have an hour to spend, this would be a great place to go.", October 2019
5,4.0,Funky local art spot!,My husband and I decided to head out to Ihwa Mural Village early Saturday morning. We followed the directions found on a few different websites to get there.  First things first...it's a good hike up the hill to get to the murals. Wear comfortable shoes! If you have small, October 2019
6,4.0,Nice walk,"I stumbled upon this village almost by mistake after hiking along the Seoul Wall. It’s a great walk up and you can include a visit to the Wall Museum, which is interesting and entrance is free. The village itself is just a good place to wonder around and explore some is the", October 2019
7,1.0,Disappointing,"Some of the locals were fed up with the visitors so they painted over the more famous murals, Some of them are very childish and obviously painted by amateurs.", August 2019
8,4.0,Nice and cute place,"It's nice to walk around! Be prepared to face some big stairs though. Also, it's not that big so you'll be finished in no time", September 2019
9,5.0,Beautiful art,"We stumbled across this village as we were walking to our next destination and saw some really beautiful wall art. A really lovely little stumble, even in the rain!", August 2019
10,3.0,Not great for toddlers and preschoolers ,There are a series of hills to get to the village from the information center and then a series of steep stairs throughout the mural route that would make it difficult for families with small children to complete the tour. We ended up staying on the lower loop and only seeing, July 2019
11,4.0,Interesting murals,"While searching the web for places to explore in Seoul, I chanced upon this interesting village and decided to make a trip here. As expected, there are many murals of colourful designs spread over the village or rather a town. There are signs recommending a specific route and", June 2019
12,5.0,Super fun afternoon stroll!,"This was a super unique experience in Seoul! I loved the opportunity to wander aimlessly, and discover lots of interesting shops and views! The street art is fun and offers great opportunities for social media posts. 😂 ", June 2019
13,5.0,Awesome trip up to Ihwa Mural Village!,"Loving the trip up to this quaint little village. One of the highlights of our 9D8N trip. Interesting shops around for browsing around. Hubby even bought 2*shirts for KRW10,000! Highly recommended if you want a day out of Seoul city.", June 2019
14,5.0,Really nice,"I really liked walking around here. There is lots to see and it wasn't crowded at all, even though I was there on a Sunday afternoon. Be aware that some parts are very steep.", May 2019
15,4.0,Art village,"Good for photo. Lots of handicraft shops. Have some cafe for drink, snack and sit for a while. Morning or early afternoon time reccommend. ", May 2019
16,4.0,a break from all the shopping and commercial city,"It is an area within a village that is full of art murals.  Can take many photos and enjoy a cup of coffee there.  There are also a few cafes/ restaurants you can choose from, though quite pricey compared to the rest of the restaurants in Seoul.  It is in a neighbourhood that", April 2019
17,4.0,A break from the crowded city Centre,"Be prepared, a bit hectic to walk up the steep hill slope. If you like arts - this is a relax care free place to go. You can look around the murals scattered on the  small houses along the hilly alleys. The small cafes around the area are decorated with individual art tastes.", April 2019
18,4.0,"Very cool, feels like somewhere in Europe","Sick of palaces? Then this is a different, good 2-3 hour activity that you can do without a tour guide. Requires an average level of fitness; quite steep.  Very cool part of Seoul that has a number of pokey cafes from which you can view the city and have a coffee or beer.  The", April 2019
19,4.0,classic korean alleys!,"i am glad that i did not miss this in my itinerary. even though the murals are not as many as i expected (one of the main mural of goldfish on the staircases are gone), but i like the walk up the alleys, to experience what i've seen in many korean dramas (houses in the small", March 2019
20,5.0,Lovely theme,"I had a good time in Ihwa Village. The place is very cute, u can easily rent some uniform for your photos, and the price is very cheap", March 2019
21,4.0,Peaceful Village to have some nice photos,It is a very peaceful village located in Seoul. There are many murals which you can take a photo with. My favorite mural is the wing painting. The village has many stairs so make sure that you are in a fit condition when going there., November 2018
22,4.0,Good place to spend a nice day,"Well, the murals may not be as many as it used to be but it was still good to take that stroll up the slope towards Naksan Park. Nice cafe and little eateries as you go mural hunting. Milk Gonghang is a nice place to stop for ice-cream and coffee. ", December 2018
23,2.0,Not as vibrant as I imagined,Not a lot to see anymore. I understand that some artworks were painted over. Might have been a mistake to visit Gamcheon Cultural Village first since we couldn't help but compare., November 2018
24,4.0,Bohemian Ihwa Mural Village,"Ihwa Mural Village (이화동벽화마을) perched at the top of Naksan Park, was once set for demolition as it was seen as a poor and down-trodden neighbourhood.  In 2006 under the “Art in City Project” carried out by The Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, murals were painted to", November 2018
25,4.0,A steep climb but nice murals,The climb is steep and long but you Will be rewarded with nice murals and view OF The City. The houses are unique and The murals are varied in theme. There are photos OF The place displayed hanging by some OF The walls. The locals are nice and welcoming. There are café and, November 2018
26,5.0,Flourishing Colors,"Who will not be captivated with Street Art? But this small community in Seoul is a priceless gem of all for me. I love walking on every alleys of this community because every steps I take is another art. Installation, mural, photography, wrought metal art and seeing a fantastic", October 2017
27,4.0,"Beautiful views, fun art, funky neighbourhood.",The views alone are worth the walk up the hillside roads to Ihwa Mural Village. It was 48 degrees C with the humidex the day we walked up to the village in Seoul and we were pleased we made the trek. The little area is quite charming and boasts some stunning views of the city., July 2018
28,1.0,Very Disappointing ,"Looking from the past review, we thought there will be more mural paintings to see. But they are all either already faded away or badly painted over. Not worth going at all. Don’t waste your time. ", July 2018
29,3.0,Disappointing ,Was looking forward to the village as had seen some pictures. Sadly the famous stuff like the steps were covered over. It's a bit of a climb to the top and kdrama fans can see Strong Woman Do Bong Soon's house which is apparently a museum but looked like a shop. It's also close, June 2018
30,4.0,Visitors were not welcomed!,It was my first time visiting this neighbourhood and I was shocked at all the messages doodled in red paint by the residents of the area saying “Please be quiet” and “I wan’t to live” etcetc. It can be seen that the residents hate to see tourists there for obvious reasons. Read, May 2018
31,5.0,arty Village,In downtown  Located nearby the former city fence wall ITVs a real pleasant place There is some shops and cafes and you should go up and down and follow your instinct in order to collect the beautiful pictures about street art It s so nice even with children You can play on it !, May 2018
32,3.0,Famous Murals Are Gone,"We made this a must-see on our second trip to Seoul. It is not an easy place to find - it took us an hour to get to it. The reason that we wanted to visit this Village was the artwork, especially the stairs with fish and sunflowers. Unfortunately, they were gone as we think the", April 2018
33,4.0,Nice quaint place worth a stroll,"Although some of the artworks are removed, it is still worth a trip there. Totally understand how frustrating it could be for the residents there with the noises from the tourists. Would be good to bear in mind to be considerate and dont talk too loudly. Coffee and ice-cream at", April 2018
34,3.0,Just for a stroll,We went to see the Ihwa Mural village to see the more known wall paintings. Apparently local people had painted over the the better known painting of fishes at the staircase. This was a bit of disappointment. The rest is so-so but you can enjoy a drink at some of the roof, September 2017
35,4.0,Unique Village,The village located at the top of the hill near by Naksan park.  It has a beautiful art wall around the village., November 2017
36,4.0,Worth a visit," This place is hilly, so need comfortable walking shoes. Many interesting murals on walls which capture nice photos. There are also many small cafes & shops. I went in the morning & is a quiet neighbourhood & not very crowded.  It’s a nice break from the shopping & eating. ", February 2018
37,4.0,"Such a cool, artsy neighborhood off the beaten path","Not many visitors to Seoul know about this cool, indie neighborhood not far from Changdeokgung Palace, Bukchon, and Dongdaemun. It's a very hilly residential area where artists have decorated many walls and stairways with cool paintings and mosaics. There are so many cute", November 2017
38,5.0,Definitely Love and will miss this place,Found this place through some travel apps.Glad that it is not crowded and you can enjoy your photo shooting here :) Very nice and relaxing place with a lot of nice Café.  It is also known for Korean Drama filming place - such as The Rooftop Prince., December 2017
39,4.0,Hidden gem of Seoul Tour,"Even many Seoul dwellers don't know this place. It has lovely cafeterias and tiny shops.  - Locating on a hill, seniors may have some difficulties.  - Accessible from Daehakro(metro: Hyehwa) and Dongdaemun City Wall Park(metro: Dongdaemun History & Culture Park).  - There's", November 2017
40,5.0,Its good to be back Seoul again,It was our 3rd visit & this yr we visited Ihwa Mural Village since the first 2 night we stayed in Dongdaemun before we moved to Insadong.After get out from the exit there is maybe exhibition hall then many shops all along the way to the village.We have to walk up the hill until, July 2017
41,4.0,Nice!,"There are lots of nice murals here. They are located in different places, and not in one street.   Two of the murals are no longer in existence as they were painted over.   There are cafes.. quaint cafes all around! Really nice! There is also a souvenir shop, with a red scooter", November 2017
42,5.0,Something different ,My family chanced upon this interesting mural village while we were tracking our way up the Seoul City Wall trail.   The murals added colours and uniqueness to this quite village.    We spent about an hour walking around the village enjoying the murals and some local snack and, November 2017
43,3.0,"Nice, but you can skip it for other attraction","for k-drama lover, this place is a must visit. You can find some drama shooting location here such as BongSun house from drama Strong Women Do Bongsun. The pictures also nice, but there are some pictures that has been deleted. And please noted, this is some neighbourhood area so", November 2017
44,4.0,Very beautiful wall murals and nice view of Seoul at the top!,"It is tough walking upslope but you can take many nice pictures along the way, the murals on the walls are really beautiful! There are many couples and students and you can try talking to them to get a taste of the locals! At the top are a few cafe where you can sip your beer or", August 2017
45,3.0,"Nice, but not worth a trip if short on time","We dropped by Ihwa Mural Village after the hike up to Naksan Park (which was nice and quiet, but the view of Seoul that it offers isn't anything astounding). There were some nice murals in the village, but overall, it seems quite run down. It's worth noting that two of the more", August 2017
46,4.0,Definitely Worth A visit - 真的值得一訪,"We were here for about two hours. We enjoyed the quietness & the unique beauty of this area. Definitely, the art presentation / paintings of the area are curing & facilitating your photo shooting a lot. We liked the milk shop & another small cafe for the drink & interior design", August 2017
47,4.0,Great for art and hiking lovers!,This place is like the Gamcheon Mural Village in Seoul. It's not as artsy as Gamcheon but it's quite good with beautiful paintings and art landmarks. You need to hike to see the fullest. They have maps that show special paintings or landmarks of the village. Special or you can, June 2017
48,3.0,Mural needs a bit of restoration,There is alot of stairs to go up if you want to reach the village. Most of the murals needs a bit of restoration.  But it was worth it to walk up to the village to take the pictures with the murals. Would recommend it for couples or close friends. Or k-drama lovers., July 2017
49,4.0,Nice find along the wall,"Ihwa Mural Village is located 3/4 of the way up the Seoul city wall. It is a great spot to stop, get a coffee or a snack and snap a few pictures of the fun murals! There are maps on buildings that will show you were each mural is located throughout the village.", March 2017
50,4.0,nice but takes a hike to get here,"Ihwa mural village is located near Naksan park, you have to get thru the park to get to the village... be prepared to walk a lot. The popular murals like the fish and flower staircase are no longer there. It's covered with grey paint now. A pity. The whole area was quite", April 2017
51,5.0,Causal walk around the art village,"The area is cozy. Wall paints can be found in the whole area. Don't expect too much, it is not designed for tourists; people do live there. That's the reasons they removed the famous painting on one of the staircases.  A side note, there is a ice cream store, called ""Milk", April 2017
52,1.0,Nothing special,"The visit was dissapointing because best murals, which were on stairs, are no longer available. There are much better places to see in Seoul.", April 2017
53,3.0,Climb climb climb,It's a bit of a climb to get to the nice staircase murals and the artwork is interesting but the trickeye museum is more worth your time.  Mural village is free and you get the exercise but don't bring a stroller if you have kids. Also don't talk too loud as people actually live, March 2017
54,5.0,Feel art on thw village,"First time to go there. Not hard to find this place There is obvious direction so i think you can find it well ^^ If you wanna go here, i  recommend to use comfort shoes like sneaker because we need to climb. And bring mineral water because you will need it This good place to", April 2016
55,5.0,Mural Village,This place is really amazing! Great for people that loves art and likes to work out. Good views of Seoul can be seen while you go up the village. The City Wall is around as well. Lots of coffee shops and souvenirs can be found as well. One of the best spots to take pictures in, March 2017
56,5.0,traditional atmosphere ,"A little bit far from the center of Seoul. But this place is definitely good. I was really impressed by Korean traditional atmosphere. And there're many people who enjoy wearing Korean traditional attire. Architecture, people, local restaurant, many things are so attractive here.", February 2017
57,4.0,Lots of stairs,Not recommended for them who brings young children and elderly. Lots of stairs to climb and it will be a little tiring.. but overall it was good. The atmosphere was nice and there are some souvenir shops and cafes. , February 2017
58,5.0,Ihwa Mural Village,"It was so cold in Seoul when we visited but this place warmed up our hearts. Inspiring and uplifting Ihwa Mural Village to walk, take photos, enjoy the views.", January 2017
59,5.0,Artistic beauty and a healthy body,"There are many murals drawn on the sides of people's houses. As the name says, it is a village. Therefore be sure to keep quiet when exploring the area. There is also some mini workshops, cafes and museums around the village, The village is also situated at Naksan Mountain, so", February 2017
60,5.0,Nice murals and art installations in a local neighbourhood ,"We were here on the 1st day of Seollal. Most shops were close. The neighbourhood is quiet eventhough there were tourists or visitors like us walking around admiring the neighbourhood and its creative surroundings. There were many graphics,  wall arts and at installations worth", January 2017
61,3.0,Cute murals!,My sister and I visited the mural village after reading a blog about how cute these murals are decorated around the neighborhood. We walked around the village and took some pictures with cute murals. We kind of expected to see more around the neighborhood but maybe it was just, April 2016
62,5.0,Ihwa Mural Village,"A place that has many many spots for great pics.  Due to some local protests, its famous painted staircases are covered with cement.  However, there are still many beautiful hand painting to look at. Be more willing to walk more and explore the area wider than usual - is worth", December 2016
63,4.0,Cute!,"Cute place to spend an afternoon. There were not as many murals as I had expected, but there were some really nice ones. Fun to watch all of the local tourists taking loads of selfies. Lots of cute cafes & shops throughout the village. Some nice views of the city from nearby as", July 2016
64,3.0,Walk to the top for awesome view!,"This place is easy to reach by bus or subway and nice to visit in the morning. If you walk to the village in early morning, sometimes you might catch the fog and feels like you're walking between the clouds! I walked to the top of the village (hike for a bit, about 30-45mins),", June 2016
65,3.0,Average,"We visited today and it was enjoyable but... they repainted their two special ""mural attractions"" which are the fishes and the floral ceramic design .. for ""rebuilding"" but totally could repair their stairs (which aren't broken) without wasting it all.   We were a bit upset", January 2017
66,1.0,Gone and never back again,"This used to be a really nice little village to walk through, with many colourful and interesting murals to look at at every corner, where even the electricity and water meters would be decorated. Many tourists would come here to take photos and leave with great memories and", October 2016
67,5.0,Beautiful!,"Well worth the climb. Plenty of cute art pieces and cafes. On the way to the village, you can get a great view of Seoul. I went around sunset and it was spectacular!", November 2016
68,4.0,Not bad,Lots of uphill and downhill routes. You may think twice if you are travelling with children or elderly. Wear sport shoes for this attraction. Nice view from the peak., November 2016
69,5.0,Creative!,A creative way to express the culture of korean people. Peaceful village with cute drawings. But we need to climb ub a bit to reach the village and quiet far from the subway station, January 2016
70,4.0,Nice neighborhood,"Ihwa Mural Village has a bunch of beautiful drawings, and the drawings painted on wall or even stairs. But it's so sad that some of those drawings been erased due to some conflicts between the people who live there. In fact there are actual people and family live in there, so", May 2016
71,3.0,Ihwa Mural Village,"I searched a lot of information about korean scenery spots when I planning go to Korea. Therefore, I found Korean Mural Village is the most famous and special. Ihwa Mural Village is the best wall painting. I really looked forward going to there.    When I got off from subway,", August 2016
72,5.0,Beautiful,I came to Ihwa with my friends. We walk for about 700m I think? Along the way we can see some clothing store and resto/cafe. The location is on top of the hill so we can see the beautiful scenery. The mural was great and i met an old lady who owns mini store and she was so, October 2015
73,4.0,Prepare your feet,"Bear with the steep road and long walking distance. but it worth a visit. Unfortunately during my time went there, the mural of carp fish on the stairs is not there anymore. probably they want to change the design. or or or maybe i the one who didn't find it. and some of the", May 2016
74,4.0,Nice Place to Visit on a Monday,"With most tourist attractions and museums in Seoul closed on Monday, this might be a good alternative if you want to get out and explore the city.  I reached it from the Dongdaemun area walking along the Old City Wall heading toward Naksan Park.  While it is an uphill climb, to", September 2016
75,4.0,Great stroll,"Although it's quite a steep walk up the hill, it's worth the fantastic view, tons of nice little cafés/bars sipping on a drink/coffee while watching busy Seoul...", August 2016
76,4.0,Picture time,"Although its high up there on the top of the mountain and its summer, which means you have to sweat all the way up to the village, It's quite a nice place to take pictures around. Nice cafes around the area too. However, remember to keep quite while you're hanging around there. ", July 2016
77,3.0,The famous paintings are gone,"It's interesting to see paintings all around the village. Expect to do a lot of a walking so it'll be pretty tiring on a sunny day. The famous paintings are now gone, they covered it with grey paint.", August 2016
78,2.0,Most of the famous pieces are gone :(,Most of the most famous pieces are gone now. There are a few left that have been scrubbed away or scribbled over as well. However! A lot of cute cafes and little stores are littered throughout the area and are very fun to visit. The town is lovely and pretty to walk through., July 2016
79,5.0,every step is a piece of art,"i was very sad i cant take photos with the famous sunflower stairs since it got vandalized 2-3 days before our visit. but still got chance to take pic with the fish stairs mural (before it also got vandalized -___- few days later) i enjoy this part of seoul very much, although", April 2016
80,4.0,"Art exploration, delicious ice cream","You can find interesting art along the walls as you wander along. Unforunately, the more famous paintings were gone so that was a big disappointment. When you first arrive, definitely eat at the milk ice cream place, it is SO GOOD! Climb the stairs to the top of the  village,", June 2016
81,4.0,It's like an art gallery on the streets,Another must visit! Walk on the narrow streets and admire the works of talented artists. There are plenty of stairs but you can always take a break and take pictures with the paintings. There will be a lot of walking and it is on hill but it's definitely worth the effort. They, June 2016
82,5.0,Pretty with artists wall painti9,I can spend all day here.  We spent about 5 hours and still didn't get to see the whole village.  When we were there the famous stairs of koi painting and flower painting were renovated.  I don't know if they are going to repaint it back the same way.  There was a building where, June 2016
83,4.0,Appreciate street art and the local culture in the right way,"I chanced upon a travel blog post on the Ihwa Mural village and decided to visit this place during my 7 days stay in Seoul. Visitors can find the many beautiful wall paintings and sculptures scattered around the village, all of which were create by “Art in the City” project.  It", May 2016
84,4.0,Excellent photo opportunity,"Once you get out of hyehwa station exit 2, keep walking until you get to dunkin donuts and turn left. And then it's a bit of a climb to get there but worth it! We were lucky there weren't many people there when we went so didn't have to wait long to take photos and could take", June 2016
85,4.0,Beautiful street art,Advise to go in the day time to take picturesque photos. Beautiful street art here but be prepared that there is a lot of walking and uneven steps around.  It is located near Naksan Park. There was flea market around the station exit when I went. From Line 4 Hyehwa station Exit, June 2016
86,3.0,Beautiful mural,"The mural here are aplenty but not easy to find and not as many those in Penang. It's also at times dangerous to take photo due to many cars. However, the cafe is very nice here and relaxing time soak in the view. ", June 2016
87,4.0,Great for Leisure Walk,"We visited this place mid June where the weather was at its best (not hot, not cold and just nice at about 24c).  So it was great for us to stroll around, enjoy the walk/view, cafes and shopping.  It was kind of expected but somehow finding the murals and taking pictures with", June 2016
88,4.0,Visit to Ihwa Mural Village,"Extremely hot, tons of stairs, high slopes to climb, not recommended for elderly, but worth the pictures for memories! ", June 2016
89,3.0,Unique area but not well marked,"This area is getting popular but I was not that impressed. The view of Seoul from here and the small houses on steep hillsides impressed me more than the murals themselves. Murals are often hard to find, more signs are needed. ", February 2016
90,4.0,No bad,"Some of the Murals are pretty good, however be prepared to walk if you would like to see all the Murals.", May 2016
91,4.0,Fun photo spot,Ihwa Mural Village is a area close to Hyewha subway station. Some art students from the university decorated the streets and walls with beautiful and fun paintings. This is a great area for some fun photography and has a lot of small coffee shops and bakeries to full a half day., August 2015
92,5.0,"If you like photography, this place is not to miss!","The village is so beautiful and lives up to its name, there are many murals located across the village. Come before the sunset and you will see a beautiful view of Seoul during the sunset. The murals, the view, there are so many materials for photography.", December 2015
93,3.0,A good place to take a picture,"It's located in Ihwa Dong, Jongno-Gu, Seoul We should walk uphill to reach this place, about 15 minute from Hyehwa station. So it is a little bit tiring. We could find art street in this village. There are mural paintings or mosaics on the walls and on the staircases. There are", February 2016
94,4.0,Nice place for photos,"Cute village where the walls and stairs are painted. Makes for great photos. Lots of cafes to eat at and handmade items for sale. It's uphill so if you're not in shape, prepare to get winded.", March 2016
95,5.0,Lovely murals! Walking distance from the subway,"Walk from HyeHwa station (subway line 4). Amazing visuals. Interesting murals that expressed the views of the Koreans - especially if you can read Hangul.. (there was one on the island dispute with China/Japan hahahaha)   Prepare to climb stairs, prepare to wait for others to", May 2015
96,5.0,Favourite place in Seoul!,This is officially one of my favourite places in Seoul now. It's such a hidden gem! Was recommended to visit Ihwa-dong mural village by my Korean friends and I'm glad I did! Came here alone and was rewarded with a beautiful view of the city as well as the art murals. Mt. Naksan, January 2016
97,5.0,Very nice place to visit,Though very crowded. New paintings are not as nice as the old ones. Climbing up the stairs to reach the Seoul City Wall is a kind of 2-in-1 experience. , February 2016
98,3.0,Nice if you are in the area,"This place isn't necessarily located in a convenient place near most hotels or other sightseeing areas so I would say it is only worth visiting if you are nearby or really interested in seeing a different, more quiet side of town. It is located near hyewha station but you do", February 2015
99,5.0,Street Art,"Walked around this area on a cold and rainy day. Not a easy hike up to the village but doable from subway station. The lazy way is to catch a taxi up to the top of the hill and walk down to get a glimpse of all the street arts and murals. There are many restaurants, cafes and", December 2015
100,3.0,Little wall art,Need to walk uphill.little wall art compare to others. Not worth visiting this place unless got time., January 2016
101,5.0,Quaint and Pretty ,"Take Seoul Metro Line 4 to Hyehwa Station and Exit 2. Walk straight about 300m then turn left towards Lock Museum. Continue to walk straight up hill to the start of Ihwa Village. If unsure, ask the locals there.  Note that there's a lot of uneven steps (without railing) around", December 2015
102,4.0,Ihwa Mural Village & Naksan Park,"This is quite a nice area to visit for photography & relaxation. A bit of walking uphill though.  Tips to location: - Train to Hyehwa Station, take Exit 2. - 500m from subway. Walk straight and take to your left toward the structure. - walk straight again, Take to your left of", December 2015
103,4.0,Beautiful Mural Village near Daehakro,A lot of beautiful mural arts along the way up hill. This places used to be the location of many K-Dramas., November 2015
104,4.0,Bring along your camera,Fun place with lots of fun art and cafes/shops to look in. Be prepared to walk up some stairs/small hill to get to the area. If you go on the weekend especially during warmer months expect a lot of crowds. If you want to go with less people it's better to go early or during the, June 2015
105,4.0,Colourful Painting But Prepared For Long Walk & Stairs Climbing,"We left our taxi too early and resulted another 15 minutes walk to the site.  Prepared for long walk and stairs climbing.  Agreed with other reviewers, go there early if you do not want to take good photos and not to be disturbed.  You will find beautiful and colourful paintings", December 2015
106,4.0,Lovely Neighbourhood,"We visited this ""village"" on a weekday (morning) as we were told that this place is a bit crowded during the weekends.  The ""village"" is located on top of a hill and the road leading to this place is a bit narrow and steep at certain points. Therefore a good pair of walking", November 2015
107,5.0,Colourful Neighbourhood,A beautiful and interesting neighbourhood. It was easy to get here via public transport. The walls of the homes are decorated with murals and graffiti. Get ready to snap lots of pictures...  You can access Naksan Park from here and catch the breathtaking view. I went ard in the, December 2015
108,4.0,Beautiful quiet time,Went for a walk at this Cultural district to see the many mural art done by the various artists. Best to visit during weekdays and earlier part of the morning. Be prepared to walk and climb the narrow steep steps. I simply love doing it when weather was nice at 10 degrees with, December 2015
109,4.0,Characterful Neighbourhood,An interesting place to wander around when walking the Seoul  city wall.  We walked along the wall from Dongdaemun and came across this neighbourhood. You can wander around and see some little art studios with artisans at work as well as the murals here and there. It is a good, November 2015
110,2.0,Tiring,"In order to visit this village,we had to climb up the hill.It is very tiring.I was expecting it will be easy to find the art.But it is difficult to find it.To me,the art in the hse is not that amazing.Some of the art is in their hm.Quite boring", March 2015
111,3.0,Overrated.,"The murals are over-rated and a lot less than expected. Plus, there were too many tourists, which meant taking photos was difficult. The Seoul City Wall and Naksan Park were much more interesting.  Also, the locals tend to park in front of some of the murals. ", November 2015
112,5.0,Awesome paintings on the wall!,"Went there on 17/11/15. We were lucky that the weather was so nice, sunny day😎! The location is convenient. 10 mins walk from Hyehwa-yeok station exit 2. When u walk up the hill, u will reach the entrance of Naksan Park. Turn left and walk all the way down while not entering", November 2015
113,5.0,Cute place to explore and take pictures!,"Make sure to come here with a friend to take pictures for you. Lots of photo opportunities on every corner. Easy to reach by public transportation but the hill to get to the village is a bit steep. The street is rather narrow but that's the charm of this little ""village"", not", October 2015
114,4.0,Nice stroll for beautiful mural art,"The Public Art Committee had artists to paint the walls and install artworks in this village to improve the area and since then it (including Naksan Park) is has been used as a filming location for Korean dramas (i.e. Rooftop Prince, King 2 Hearts, Angry Mom) and even one of the", October 2015
115,5.0,Go for the amazing views,"I went a bit late, at around 4pm as an afterthought, but it turned out to be the best decision. Sure, images turned out a little dark, but as much as I like novelty shots against murals, the views of Seoul took my breath away.  The setting sun cast a romantic glow across the", October 2015
116,4.0,A walk through laid back art,"Raring to see a laid back part of Seoul , then head to Hyewa towards Ihwa Mural Village , past Marronier Park. Murals along the walls of houses actually lived in by the locals. You get a peek into how they live and at the same time get a good view of Seoul. Having the chance to", September 2015
117,5.0,Artistic Little Village,"It's a bit of a hike to this village, but the murals are worth it if you like art. There were a lot of local students there as well.", September 2015
118,5.0,Artistic and Cozy Ihwa Village,Artistic place good for taking photos and nice place to walk. Also a good spot to get to see a bird's eye view of Seoul. , September 2015
119,4.0,Artistrek Seoul,"The village is an uphill trek with a lot of interesting murals and quirky stuffs. It is a very fun neighborhood. Silence is required in the vicinity, you might disturb the people living there. If you get hungry or thirsty, there are stores which offer food and drinks.   Refer to", September 2015
120,5.0,Fun walk in Seoul's hills,"A local brought me to Ihwa Mural Village, a fun neighborhood with murals and art tucked around every corner and on staircases in the hills. It was a fun way to spend an afternoon. The views of the city are stunning and there's restaurants and shops to pop into as well. Highly", September 2015
121,4.0,Really pretty and interesting village,"There are a few main murals to spot and the village is up on a hill so you'll be able to see the scenery around the area. Easy to get lost but there will be maps, if not, a mural of the map found to guide you along! One of the recent drama (The girl who sees smell) is also", April 2015
122,4.0,Beautiful walls and staircase paintings ,Went there 5 years ago and wanted to go back again to take a photo with the exact same painting to see how much I have changed. I did not expect to be pleasantly surprised with more new paintings. It's relatively easy to navigate there as there are signs all around. Has become, June 2015
123,5.0,Perfect little getaway from Seoul,"Ihwa Mural Village is an adorable place in the middle of Seoul. Actually, it doesn't feel like you're in Seoul at all. The murals are adorable, but look out for couples with their selfie sticks! And be sure to check out Naksan Park on your way!", June 2015
124,4.0,Helpful Koreans ,"I wanted to go visiting this place for so long after watching the drama 'rooftop prince' as I like the wall painting.   It's a bit troublesome to reach here as even the locals don't really know it. Yet, I'm very thankful to the Korean couple that I met who tried all their means", July 2015
125,4.0,Worth the time to look around,"The hills and stairs are daunting, it's hot out these days and thank goodness I was wearing good sneakers. But the murals and art are worth the effort and the views of the city are the icing on that cake. The area is a little confusing, small stairs and pathways but it's", June 2015
126,4.0,Beautiful arts and paintings,"At ehwa mural village, there are a lot of artists painted walls & artworks. People who visits this place can enjoy looking for it. You can also post for pictures with the paintings.. a lot of students and couples visited this place and it was very crowded when i went with my", December 2014
127,4.0,Un unexpected facet of Seoul,"I love Seoul for so many reasons. It is diverse you never know what to expect: a mountain, a temple, a tower, a nightlife district, an old palace, a mountain... That is once again the case with Ihwa Mural Village. I kind of stumbled upon it while intending to visit Naksan Park.", May 2015
128,3.0,keep walking.;)),"easy to finding this place, near korea national open university. feel exciting when seeing pictures after climbing a short sloping street.", May 2015
129,5.0,Great neighbourhood with lots of murals and lovely little coffee bars.,"A bit hard to find, but definitely worthwhile! We went to Hyehwa subway station and took exit 2. Outside, we walked straight ahead and took the first street to the left (at Dunkin Donuts). Soon we spotted the first murals, including one of a map of the area, very convenient", May 2015
130,5.0,Beautiful happy place,"This was one of the highlights of our trip. Great location up the hill, beautiful view, cool/artsy neighbourhood. The narrow streets and the murals are just gorgeous. Right at the bottom there is the first president of Korea's house which you can visit (it was too late in the", April 2015
131,5.0,Great to see in Seoul.,"This area was a joy to visit. Many happy children were there visiting as a excursion. The murals on the walls of homes and stairways were very clever, and a great photography opportunity. Strangely the hotel where we were staying and the taxi we hired did not know where this", April 2015
132,4.0,nice mural painting,"to reach this place is quite difficult.  take subway line 4 (light blue color line) to hyewa station and take exit no.2 actually the place is on the hill. at the first, our group was difficult to find this place. we asked many times and most of them said just go to find the", July 2014
133,3.0,Stop by for 1-2 hours,"i've spent 1-2 hours searching for murals in narrow streets of ihwa and taking pictures..take the metro to hyehwa station and go out at exit-2. From there, you need to go east and somehow you' ll spot the place nearby the naksan park.. I cannot say, the artwork is spectacular,", March 2015
134,5.0,One of my favorite places to visit in Seoul,"The murals here are great, but I definitely recommend climbing up the alleys and side streets as well to get to the top and enjoy the breathtaking view of the city from Naksan Park. I really enjoyed climbing up the side streets and alleys because you get to see the way the", October 2014
135,4.0,"Do not busy taking picture with those graffitti, do enjoy the scenery along the way","I lost my way at first and finally by walking towards very steep uphill road, then I found the way, this place is something like Samcheongdongdong whereby currently still a residential area, I enjoy along the way scenery as the after snow scenery at the foot of Naksan Park", January 2015
136,5.0,Awesome Alley Artworks!,"Instead of heading to Naksan Park right away, use this route for a more exciting experience. To get here, get off at Hyehwa Stn. The path to the murals is not an easy climb, but it is worth it. Various artists' works of art decorate walls of alleys in Ihwa. You'll be surprised", November 2014
137,5.0,"Difficult to find, but definitely worth the effort!","Ihwa mural Village is a lovely, interesting neighborhood in Seoul, where artists filled the walls of houses and alleys with street art and murals. I spent at least 2 to 3 hours there.  It's a bit hard to find the exact location, but once you are there, it just requires walking", March 2014
138,4.0,Ihwa Mural Village,This quiet village is worth exploring as the murals are painted by artists who had keen interest in enlivening their aged living area with lovely colours. Good to roam around this area on weekdays., May 2014
139,5.0,One of Seoul trip highlights,Love this place. Very different from other touristy places. Definitely one of the must visit places in my humble opinion.  I come from a country where I don't get to see such mural drawings on the walls of the neighbourhood so I truly enjoyed touring the place and taking, June 2014
140,5.0,Colourful Paintings,"I wouldn't have known about this place without my South Korean friends.  Just up from Dongdaemun gate, following the wall there is a small district of mural paintings in Seoul.  Most of the murals are hand painted by the locals, and are fantastic to see.  The whole area is open", July 2014
