,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Good for cafe-hopping,Recommended by a local to visit which turns out to be one of the most memorable moment of our trip. The area is made up of connecting alleys which makes you feel like you are in a maze but there's something good waiting for you at every turn. Quaint little shops and cafes, January 2020
1,4.0,Modern and cute fashionable street .,"Lot of shops , cafes but none got seats . Only good for photography and window shopping . Ladies accessories shops are nice though .", December 2019
2,5.0,Cute little place with loads of instagram worthy cafes,We took a leisurely walk from our hotel near Euljiro 3-ga to Ikseon-dong Hanok Street. It is relatively easy to locate. You can use NaverMap to guide you there as google map doesn’t work well in South Korea. Loads of instagram worthy spots and cafes. There is a nice little, December 2019
3,3.0,"Interesting, but not a must visit","Tiny alley ways lead you to various stores. That's about all there was to this place. It would be a fun place to go as a small group, but as a solo traveler on this date of visit, I didn't find too many places to eat that could accommodate me as the lines were long, but tables", December 2019
4,4.0,Ikseon-dong Hanok Street,"We were recommended to tour this area by another tourist who was also visiting the Bukchon village.  Surprisingly enough, it was situated relatively close to our hotel.  It is an interesting area filled with trendy shops, eateries and cafes.  Apparently this is one of Seoul's", November 2019
5,5.0,"Amazing place to be for coffee, shopping, food & IG pics!","Amazing place for coffee, beers, food, shopping & get-together with friends. There are so many instagrammable spots in the small area full of alleys to explore. I can spend the whole day there, having coffee/tea, lunch/dinner & beer in between shopping there! Will  be back there", October 2019
6,5.0,Fav!,Opposite Makers hotel where we stayed.  Fablous could have stayed here all day and night. Cute shops. Restaurants. Cafes. Bar. Filled with charm. Gets fairly busy but not uncomfortable.  Loved wandering the cute streets!, October 2019
7,4.0,Ancient Buildings Full of Modern Details,"Visited this area with my wife one night. I was kind of overwhelmed by how much details, both big and small, there are in this place. While the structures are traditional, everything else certainly are not. There seems to be something to see at every corner. Lots of chic places", October 2019
8,5.0,Favorite place we went in Seoul,"Small warren of alleys that house appealing cafes, restaurants, clothes stores and unique shops.  The buildings have been restored beautifully.  Definitely knew we were somewhere different when walking around.", September 2019
9,4.0,Pretty lanes with interesting shops and cafes,It was crowded on a weekend but we enjoyed walking through the narrow lanes and browsing in the interesting shops housed in traditional korean houses. There were some boutiques selling local design items which caught our eye. One can easily lose track of time inside the shops. , August 2019
10,4.0,Alternative to Bukchon hanok village,"Bukchon village is located on a hill with steep streets at some areas while Ikseon-dong is on flat land. There are many shops that sell souvenirs, some cafes and street vendors here. There are some Instagram worthy gems hidden among the streets. Do wander around. There is also a", July 2019
11,5.0,The current hot place of Seoul,Many of my Korean friends told me that Ikseon-dong is the current go-to hang-out spot of Koreans. There are many unique cafes lined up within the small alley.   It gets really crowded during the weekend and evening during the weekdays since this place is so popular. You can, January 2019
12,5.0,it's an amazing place,"It's really nice. It's an hanok area full of nice local shops, nice restaurants, coffee shops,... and it's really crowded. If you wanna experience life of korean's youth you should go there. I hightly recommended this place. It's also near to many attractions in Seoul.  Don't", June 2019
13,4.0,Very unique street,"I had know this hot place through SNS as a combination of modern style and traditional culture. This street contains a lot of unique restaurant, cafe, clothes shop in hanok architecture. There are a lot of handicraft accessories shops with unique design and special theme cafe.  ", June 2019
14,4.0,Traditional and Fancy but crowded.,"This place turnd hot spot recently for dating and SNS. Every place catch eyes. Restaurants, cafes, bakeries, pubs, accessoiries. All places are good for pictures and as you imagined many people who take pictures. There is custom rental shops which you can try on early 1900's. We", May 2019
15,5.0,"Dynamic, trendy and charming","I try to go to Ikseongdong everytime I visit Seoul as it is everchanging with new shops popping up every so often.  Love the vibe of the place as it is filled with well designed cafes, restaurants and boutiques created by good use / reuse of traditional architectural elements of", April 2019
16,2.0,Unfriendly staff ,Steam buns is fine but French toast doesn't taste good. Crowded with queue. Staff not friendly when asking for ice water. , June 2019
17,4.0,Crazily crowded now.,"2 years back, this place was still not so overcrowded.  Here we are back again this time and it was mad crowded with people. Impossible to get a photo nicely without all the crowds around. Almost all restaurants/cafe had a queue. How I miss the atmosphere it was, 2 years back. ", May 2019
18,4.0,"Hidden gems, tiny alleys","Ikseon-Dong, just a short walk over from Insa-dong has its charm. This tiny traditional area is full of charm. Tiny alleys lead to hidden gems - colorful souvenir shops, themed cafes, tea houses and restaurants. There are clothes shops too. If you are a photography enthusiast", May 2019
19,4.0,Lovely find,Little alleys with quaint cafes and themed restaurants. The whole vibe of the place was pleasant. Surprises await you at every turn. So fortunate that my hotel - Makers Hotel was just opposite so i could visit it easily both in the day and night., March 2019
20,4.0,Be prepare.. Lots of people,"A really nice area to walk around and find some unique cuisine, but be prepare there’s going to be lots of people! My advice is to go early - when they open to avoid line ups. ", March 2019
21,5.0,Ikseon-dong Hanok Village,"Love this place! There's a very good souffle pancake restaurant called Dongbaek. Easy to find there's a large window where you can watch them make the pancakes from the outside. Lots of cafes, restaurants & unique shops!    동백양과점  Dongbaek Address: 서울특별시 종로구 종로1.2.3.4가동 수표로28길", October 2018
22,5.0,Short stop at Hanok village,"There are many shops and restaurants / cafés. It has a really nice mood eve though it is really touristic. I had dumplings there, they were delicious. There is also an old school arcade games room, really nice to hangout a few hours. ", February 2019
23,5.0,Absolutely amazing!,"Discovered Ikseondong when I was browsing through Instagram, so I decided to pay it a visit during my short trip to Seoul. Although it was pretty packed with couples the day I went (Saturday), the atmosphere was absolutely wonderful and I really enjoyed seeing the Hanok being", January 2019
24,5.0,My favorite spot in Seoul ,Beautiful place to stroll around and enjoy. Make sure to have a lunch /dinner in hanok-style cafe. My personal hidden gem of Seoul , December 2018
25,4.0,Beautiful Alley,"Beautiful alley where the past meet the present! Many unique café restaurants & shops like traditional Korean rice cake packed in modern style, ladies boutiques, accessories shops etc. Very nice place to take photos!   Towards end of street is a small eatery sell varieties of", December 2018
26,4.0,Hanok houses converted to restaurants and shops,Cluster of Hanok houses converted to restaurants and shops . Target group of visitors are mainly younger generation below 35. Many restuarants but several other types of shops. It is about 5 mins walk from inasadong., November 2018
27,5.0,Must go place! (Very very very recommended),"Nowadays, it is a hot place for youth! Do not missed this place if you come to Insadong as you will find tons of pretty decorated cafes, 90's arcade room, place to rent Hanbok (Korean traditional dress), and many more.   Another place to visit Hanok Village if you have no time", October 2018
28,5.0,One of our favourite parts of Seoul,"We stayed near Ikseon-dong and visited a number of times, it was one of our favourite parts of Seoul. The hanoks and narrow alleys have a great atmosphere, it's fun getting lost and finding new bars & restaurants. Beautiful at night when lit up, a great area for dinner and", October 2018
29,4.0,Small hanok alley in the middle of Seoul,"It's a small alleys that filled with hanok houses. It's lovely & cozy to walk around from the late morning. There are a lot of small shops, cafe and restaurants. Don't forget to sip a nice & aromatic Korean traditional tea in the traditional tea house and also queue up for the", September 2018
30,3.0,Fun. It's odd with modern business.,"This is a Hanok(Korean traditional house) neighborhood with many old-styled houses. But, I am disappointed to see many trendy shops and restaurants here. It's absurd to see gift shops or foreign restaurants in Hanok alleys. They are good to visit, though.  Some houses may be", September 2018
31,5.0,Love It,"Along those fees narrowed streets you ll find some good restaurant , cafes and really good near shops and bakery It s like a small , funny , colorful village So pleasant so beautiful Great Atmosphere  I recommend ", May 2018
32,3.0,Gentrified Area,This area has seen a major renewal in the last few years and has become gentrified.    It’s a good place to see the older section of Seoul with many shops and restaurants throughout.    Walk through it and enjoy - locals no longer live here and it is more crowded than I was told, May 2018
