,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Insadong,"I really like Insadong, not as crowded as Hongdae. What I like the most was it's ambience, artsy and peaceful. I went to Ssamzigil and it was really nice place! Instagramable and pretty.", February 2020
1,2.0,Could've been good,"Insadong used to be an artistic/artisnal haven before it became overy homogenized and dull. There is still the occasional good stuff in the back alleys (food mainly), but the main strip is tourist only traps.", March 2020
2,5.0,A taste of culture ,I wish we had a lot of time to spend here. We were in a tour and had a limited time to go around. Lots of food to taste. A lot of things to see. A lot of stores to shop. I'll come back for sure., March 2020
3,4.0,Quaint and Lovely Insadong,"I love Insadong quaint market - the small hallways that leads you to unique stores is a refreshing scenery from the busy streets of Myeondong and other shopping districts. The area also has restaurants and coffee shops that showcases delicious food - a resting place too if you wish to take a rest from going around. Somehow, it connects to Ssamziegil which also has a lot of shops - souvenirs, clothing, food and everything.", February 2020
4,5.0,Pleasant Walking Street,"This is a nice neighborhood style shopping area. If weather is cooling, it’s a good half day walk through shops, cafe and restaurants.", July 2019
5,4.0,Really nice to buy souvenirs and walk around ,Nice area to buy nice stuff for our return... Handmade or tourists ones but that's OK 😊 for instance we bought sets of Korean metal sticks and spoons for a very reasonable price which we did not find elsewhere., February 2020
6,4.0,Nice for Shopping but...,"Well, it is true that there are a lots of shopping and foods around.It is nice to get a visit, but i personally prefer to go to Garosujil for shopping and MyeongDong for foods.Desserve a tour if you never been there, but after few trips, i prefer Garosujil and MyeongDong.", January 2020
7,5.0,Bourbon Street of Seoul,"This is the commercial tourist district of Seoul in the shadows of Gyeongbokgung  Palace. This district is full with shops and restaurants for visitors. Some are the most trendy trinkets but some are all treasures of Korean culture. All of it can be found in this street and district. Plus, this is Korea so there are all kinds of Comic statues for you to pose with. The Koreans thought I did a perfect job of mimicking there running man statue down to my blue coat. However, we were also introduced to the candy making art of dragon beard.  It is delicious and they make it right in front of you on the street if you are in Seoul, take the time to visit.", February 2020
8,5.0,stylish and cute.,I would say Insadong is more of a Tourist focused shopping but a very pleasant experience.  it can get a crazy crowd if you go during the weekend evening., January 2020
9,4.0,Great Location,"Great Location near food, shopping and Public transport.  Walking distance to the main Seoul Palaces.", August 2019
10,5.0,Great Location,"Very busy with lots of food and shopping choices. Close to downtown, major markets and ancient palaces.", May 2019
11,5.0,meeting with tradition,many traditional places like tea houses making this place fabulous. the history of Korea. Feel  We really enjoyed it., February 2020
12,5.0,Fun shopping,Saw this place during a day tour when I first got to Seoul. There are a lot of little tea shops and dessert places here. Also all of the stereotypical tourist shopping that you'd want to do is here mixed in with some local boutiques and restaurants., September 2019
13,5.0,Loved it,"Isadong - it took us 10 minutes walk to get there from our hotel in Myeongdong - it was everything it promised to be - great authentic streets, excellent shopping, sublime street food. We bought an amazing wood-carving print from a Master - little shop on the main street (not stalls) which we framed and love seeing in our home.Everything was really well priced and it didn't feel touristy or over-crowded at all. Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.", June 2019
14,5.0,CHRISTMAS 2019,Nice place.  People seem to flock the place.  Another good and cheap food place.Near one of the palace and near the subway.  Accessible to a lot of places. Very easy to move around., December 2019
15,5.0,Insa-dong (인사동) - The True Shopping Street for the Connoisseur.,"The True Shopping Street for the Connoisseur I entitle this review as Tripadvisor conveniently erased my review for the disappointing experience of the infamous Myeong-Dong Shopping. I guess Trip advisor only enjoys ""happy"" reviews; ok let me give you this one.This is the real street that we were looking for instead of the Myeong-Dong Shopping street filled with garbage. Insadong is actually pretty trendy and clean and filled with better shops where you can actually see food being manufactured life like the Dragons Beard. Also here you can find what I was looking for which is the famous art of Korean Calligraphy. Calligraphy in Korea is a visual art reflecting the Korean tradition of artistic writing in Hangul or Hanja. To the non expert let's call it: Handmade Hanji paper.In Korea, the act of giving a work of calligraphy created by one's hand to someone symbolizes the great respect the artist has for that individual, and is considered a true gift of the heart. So since this is our thing, me and my wife we decided to hunt for such gift and we found it. Truly exquisite pieces I might say and also as expected; expensive. But what a heck, we are here and no better time to acquire some of these beauties.There is an array of restaurants ranging from cheap to more expensive, diverse Asian tendencies and Western food as well.We also love teas in all their pure shapes and forms and here also we found an interesting place to taste and buy true green tea, fermented in several ways and in diverse presentations. mostly expensive as the process demands, but this is the street where you Don't Need to estimate.Highly recommended.", January 2020
16,4.0,Place to buy souvenirs and sample tea,"Another shopping area close to Gyeongbokgung palace. This street has a lot of cafes and souvenir shops. Sampled a few types a tea in one of the newer establishments, however there are a lot of traditional tea houses to explore. Lots of good restaurants in and round the by lanes.", December 2019
17,5.0,Shopping street,We walk from Cheongdukgung palace to hanok vilage and come out to the street near insadong.. So many friendly shop with reasonable price.... U cant feel tired by window shopping! Before u know ... U will come to the other side of the street..!, November 2019
18,5.0,Amazing district within the city!,"Insadong-gil is well known as a traditional street and represents the ""culture of the past and the present"". It contains a mixture of historical and modern atmosphere and is a ""unique area of Seoul that truly represents the cultural history of the nation.", November 2019
19,5.0,Favorite place to shop unique artisan and craft shops,"I love this area of Seoul for food, shopping, and exploring unique artisan shops that offer special souvenirs that you can't find anywhere else in the city. Traditional tea shops and great food finds are also found here.", January 2020
20,5.0,Insadong,"Insa-dong is located in Jongno-gu district. There's a lot of cafes, restaurants, galleries, teahouses and shops along the alleys on each side. You can buy traditional souveneirs here if you want to give something for your loved ones or to remember your trip about Korea.", January 2020
21,4.0,Open Market ,Insadong is an open area of restaurants and shops that you can stroll leisurely & enjoying the culture of South Korea. We found a great place for some Kim Chi on the 3rd floor of one of the structures., January 2020
22,4.0,giftshops!,"cool street with overpriced giftshops! but sooo many choices! lots of food places, very atmospheric. we enjoyed :)", September 2019
23,5.0,Enjoy art at Insadong,"A very famous street in Seoul, the capital of South Korea. Close to Gyeongbokgung Palace and Changdeoukgung make Insadong very popular with tourists. Insadong is also a favorite meeting point. Many art attractions and souvenir shops along Insadong. No need to fear hunger because there are many restaurants along Insadong. There is also a halal restaurant in Insadong that sells Middle Eastern food.", October 2019
24,5.0,Time to buy Souvenirs -- Look No Further,Finding a good souvenir can be tricky and costly -- but most of the souvenirs in this area are basically in the same price range (but you do need to visit some shops and make a decision on your own)., December 2019
25,3.0,Nice shopping street ,"It’s a nice enough place, but not amazing and probably not worth a dedicated visit.  However, it is near lots of other attractions and certainly worth wandering through.", January 2020
26,4.0,Insadong with snow,Went from the train station to the running man attraction and then up and down the street trying to hunt for trick eye museum. Also went up to one restaurant on the second floor to have dagarbj with cheese and octopus. To cap it off it was snowing gently that day. Beautiful, December 2019
27,3.0,Quaint little area,"This old area of Seoul is well known for tea houses and there's also a handful of lovely old restaurants.For us, it was a visit to Ssamzie-gil to get our family caricature done. A must when you are there.", December 2019
28,3.0,It's ok,Not a place of interest that suits for me but other people might like it. Have a lot of stores for sightseeing, July 2019
29,5.0,Foody/trendy,Get into the Indadong Hanok village  lots of trendy little shops and food outlets. Does get busy but full of character., December 2019
30,5.0,Nice shopping area for everyone.,Come with friends and we had a great time here shopping and taking pictures. It’s crowded as usual ., December 2019
31,5.0,Gifts galore ,Very nice place to shop for gifts. Lots of hand crafts to choose from. This whole area is very artsy and fun!, December 2019
32,5.0,Nice quaint walking streets,"Very nice area as compared to Myeongdong. Nice restaurants on the second level, off the street and providing a fun relaxing place for a meal, conversation, and watching the activities below.  Can be crowded though.", December 2019
33,5.0,Great place to walk about and have lunch,"This shopping, abielt touristy area has streets lined with shops and restaurants and would be an excellent place to spend half a day. Instead of eating at the restaurants on the main strip, try some of the small hidden places amongst the small lanes.... those are real gems and have variety of traditional Korean and modern cafes.", November 2019
34,5.0,Lively and good place to shop for souveniers,"Visited in mid December. I prefer this area more than Myeongdong. Lots of eateries, and lots of shops selling souvenirs. There are also shops selling cosmetics. So, if you are not a hardcore cosmetic person, you can actually shop around this area too. Ssamziegil is also a place worth visiting. It consists of little boutiques, stores/ shops selling cute little knick knacks. Just about opposite Ssamziegil, there is a toy museum and a tea house/ cafe. They have some pretty yummy looking desserts. We’ve only tried their green tea ice cream, so i can’t comment on their other desserts or drinks. There is also a huge shopping mall near Ssamziegil.", December 2019
35,4.0,Souvenir hunting,"This is like the place to hunt for souvenirs to bring home. It is a long street with shops and cafes, and even has a new mall adjacent to it. Many handicrafts to choose from.", November 2019
36,5.0,Modern in a traditional way,"A large variety of great shops, cafe and restaurants operated in traditional Korean-styled house. Good for couples and teenagers.", December 2019
37,4.0,Interesting and vibrant district,"Insadong was highly recommended as a must-go destination in our September trip to Seoul.  So in our recent holiday to Seoul, we took a train to Insadong on a Sunday afternoon.It is a small but lively district with many alleys that are lined with art galleries and shops selling traditional goods , antique , art collections of porcelain & ceramic, handmade crafts  and also fashion wears and many traditional tea shops and cafe.  Insadong is a vibrant artistic hub where one can get to see unique folk crafts and artisans at work in their niches and  also many street food vendors selling traditional korean snacks. I was very happy to get five  pieces of  lovely handmade hairclips and a toy gun in one of the alleys.There was also street performance on its pedestrianised main street to entertain the locals and tourists. We enjoyed strolling along the different alleys and browsed the shops and different knick knacks. In one of the alleys, we saw Dam Steak & pasta. We decided to try a western meal for lunch after several Korean meals. Dam was a nice cafe with good ambience and we had a peaceful meal after a good walk and browsing and shopping.", December 2019
38,5.0,Touristy place but with a bit of cultural feel,"I visited in 2018 November first week. (Took too long to write a review. lol )There are a lot of tea houses here to visit. You should visit one of the traditional looking tea house and also Osulloc to try their menu. You will love it if you like to sit down at cafe and just look at the people outside on the streets and enjoy a peaceful time.They also have some special tea only from Korea, like the 5 flavor tea, and other tea to try. There are also a lot of shops selling stuffs that you can customize, like your name on a traditional stamp, and other craft stuffs. They also sell a lot of nice Korean traditional pouches and bags, bookmarks, hairpins, greeting cards etc. If you love little trinkets, be sure to visit Insadong! Even if just window shopping, I think you should visit at least once.", January 2019
39,4.0,Great for gifts,"Kinda touristy, but a good place to find things that feel ""Korean"" go give to friends back home. It was lovely and calm during the week, but pretty packed on Saturday.", December 2019
40,4.0,Interesting area of Seoul,"Insadong is a bit of everything, hard to put it in a single box so to speak. It is a bit touristy no doubt, but it also has many other facets to it. Street vendors, shops, restaurants, a bit of arts and culture as well, a hot pot pf sorts of things. But when in Seoul I would say it is a must see and a stroll through the streets is a nice afternoon activity. Also to remember that many other key areas of Seoul are not far hence it is easy to combine this with visiting some palaces or myeongdong for example.", April 2019
41,5.0,Tourist Walkabout,"This area is incredible. It has an old and new feel about it. Shops with the traditional clothing updated for wearing today! Korean traditional masks and everything Korean.All shop names are written in Korean, including Starbucks!There are electrical wires hanging above shops and down alley ways! Never updated and then you reach a brand new centre with great coffee shops and a great shopping/play area for kids!This is a must to feel you are in Korea. Once walking through Insadong you reach the Palace.", December 2019
42,5.0,A place of culture and creativity,"If you are into creative arts and culture, this is the place to me.  There are lots of quirky shops selling handmade embroidery and local arts and crafts.  There is a beautiful building called Ssamzegil that is dedicated to the local arts and crafts and one can find a lot of treasures in most of the shops.  The items can be a bit pricey but some are worth having due to their uniqueness.  Definitely worth a visit.", December 2019
43,2.0,Another  tourist trap,"Insadong street/market is touted as an artistic and antiquities market, it was to be one of the highlights of my visit to Seoul.  It is in fact a very convenient walking street full of small shops and interesting little curiosities but I don't think it can be called in any way an antiques market.  It is a street, walking, no traffic (which is a blessing), with lots of typical vendors of tourist merchandise, cafés, snacks and so on interspersed with a few ceramics shops and the odd printed art shop.  For me it didn't do anything artistic nor antique, a pleasant diversion from the routine traffic, but nothing memorable.", November 2019
44,3.0,Nothing much,Walked pass this street on the way to The Runningman Thematic Experience Centre. Did not strike me as exciting or there is much to do. Visit only if you are around the area., December 2019
45,4.0,Short and sweet,"If you only have time to do either Myeongdong or Insadong, no brainer; skip Insadong.  But if you can do both, then Insadong is a nice couple of blocks of arts and crafts stores with cafes interspersed.  The little alleyways and shops on the second and third floors are not to be missed as well.  Yes, it is touristy and fashionable but that's how this city rolls.  On the south end of the street there is a little open plaza where there are often street performers... worth a gander.  And beside the plaza is a manned tourist info booth if you need tourist info of course.", November 2019
46,4.0,Boutiques and food ,"Very enjoyable area for a stroll along small boutiques and restaurants, in a relatively central areas", December 2019
47,4.0,Quaint Street,Mostly handicrafts.  Short street but bustling with people.  There’s a park across the road at the start of the walking street which is worth a visit.  Many eateries are by the side alleys. A 2-3 hrs walk about is more than sufficient., November 2019
48,4.0,Nice souveniers,"We were staying at Insadong and hence it was easy to take a round in the area in late evening. There are lots of shops with craft work and souveniers, street food and organised restaurants. We felt safe walking around at this hour.", April 2019
49,4.0,Mostly souvenirs and crafts shops,"A bit disappointed by the area, it’s for tourists and there is nothing genuine.The narrow streets could be nice but again spoiled for groups of tourists.", November 2019
50,5.0,Fun day for afternoon stroll and snacking,Absolutely had fun browsing shopping and snacking as we explored one afternoon. People are lovely and it is absolutely a great way to spend a few hours here., October 2019
51,5.0,Great ,Shopping is unbelievable love it...everything looks so amazing and everyone are so friendly.Mr Park showed us Insadong, November 2019
52,4.0,Nice Place To Visit,"Insadong is an alternative place to go to if you find Myeongdong too crowded. Unlike Myeongdong, you will not find the typical shopping items like sports wear and cosmetics but instead, it is easier to browse around and you can buy souvenirs that are uniquely handcrafted. Along the smaller side streets, there are quite a number of traditional Korean restaurants that serves good Korean dishes and also the quiet and peaceful Hanok Tea Houses where you can relax and sip on a good cup of traditional korean tea with snacks.", November 2019
53,5.0,Cultural arts and cafes,"Lots of local handicrafts ..scarves,bags,clothes,paintings,ceramics etc. Cafes for set tea n snacks and restaurants for local cuisines. Open about 10 till late. There are local artisans showcasing their work. Beautiful handmade brooches ( only in korea). Bbq and hot pot restaurants in area so never go hungry.", April 2019
54,4.0,Cafe street,"If you are going for a relaxing holiday, this is the place which you can find a lots of cafe.  There are some street foods as well.", November 2019
55,5.0,A wonderful street in Seoul,"Boutiques, restaurants (check the side alleys for the best ones!), tea shops, Insadong has everything! Beware of the more touristic, cheap shops where most things are ""Made in China"". I found wonderful artists and artisans, who are selling their beautiful craft in their small niche. Take a couple of hours to explore Insadong!", October 2019
56,5.0,Beautiful neighborhood for souvenirs shopping ,Nice vivid street almost without cars with a lot of interesting shops to look and buy topical Korean stuff. Lots of street food as well, November 2019
57,5.0,Best Shopping Place,Bring enough cash and card as here is full of souvenir and eatery.Nice place to walk and long shopping street., October 2019
58,4.0,Decent shopping experience,"When you come to Seoul you can experience different shopping experience based on which market place you visit. Insadong has it's own nuance when it comes to shopping.  If you are in to masks, you will see lot of shops not only selling them but you will find some shops where you can watch a mask being made. Just like any other place in Asia, one should be able to bargain", October 2019
59,5.0,A delightful experience! ,"During our visit to South Korea, we ended up walking down this street 3 times. So many interesting things to look at. Beautiful clothing, possibly handmade. Expensive pottery. An embroidery store. A shop where an artisan made spinning objects of wood. During one visit there was an outdoor performance highlighting some aspect of Korean heritage, but because there was no English explanation I can't provide one either. I received the scarf below as a gift from family. A great way to spend an afternoon and purchase souvenirs.", October 2019
60,5.0,"Great area for food and shopping, day or night","Get lost in the busy little alleyways of Insadong and find cute little boutiques, interesting restaurants and Instagrammable details around every corner.", September 2019
61,5.0,Traditional goods area ,A place you can find traditional korea handmade goods and nice street food can be found but they close early at about 5pm daily... go early and look at the building and handmade goods here., September 2019
62,4.0,Insadong South Korea,"An energetic pedestrian street lined with tea houses, restaurants and shops.Check out the Ssamziegil complex, the painted stairwells, a park with a large stone pagoda and gallery of modern art if time allows.", September 2019
63,4.0,Insadong is a handy area to stay. Central for many attractions,"We spent eight days in this area and found it handy for exploring the palaces and many other attractions. It features arty shops, restaurants and boutiques. It has good transport links to everywhere and if you are keen you can walk to many of Seoul's major attractions.", October 2019
64,5.0,lovely,"I loved walking around here. The main road has a lot to see but there are branches of small roads that you can also explore. Try going to the Ssam Zzi market as well, there are lots of handmade items to shop if you don't want to go to mass-produced tourist gift shops.", October 2019
65,5.0,Fun and lively,Insadong was a lot of fun. It is a lively area with lots going on. It was particularly interesting to see how they make the honey-based stringy deserts. the vendor demonstrated the making of it and it worked! we ended up buying a bunch. Cool area to walk through., October 2019
66,5.0,Korea in Insadong Style!,"Staying in MyeongDong, it was a fun and healthy walk over to Insadong to see the modern buildings and restaurants, plus see the great heritage site with local tour guides! They were awesome. The food here is spectacular for everyone with an Asian hankering .. and of course we arranged a must see DMZ tour the next day.. Seoul is 1st class!", March 2019
67,4.0,Art supplies and jewelry ,This is a nice place to walk around and check out the various shops offering quality art supplies including pigments and brushes., October 2019
68,5.0,Shopping and food for night owles,"Unlike the mega-city feel and architecture of the rest of Seoul, the Insadong area includes an open compound of very low buildings which comes to life at sunset, similar to Taipei's night markets but chic.It includes many diverse restaurants, patiseries and fashion shops at a very wide price range, carefully designed to have a chic look and uniqueness to each, which contribute to the general great vibe of the place. In the wider streets you can find cosmetic stores and restaurants open until late. There are also great AR/VR places (highly recommended experience, as they are cheap and lots of fun).You will meet there eople from all walks of life coming after a rough day at school or at work to eat and enjoy together, and also especially many young people dressed by latest K-pop and japanese inspired fashion.", October 2019
69,5.0,Nice street with souvenirs shops and food ,Try tea shops and food places in the street. They have good vegan 🌱 restaurants and lot of souvenir shops. Some items are very reasonable and some are very expensive so work out to explore, October 2019
70,5.0,Excellent for Shopping TouristS,"The street has some tourist shops, and eateries plus some shops selling antiques. You can buy street food: look especially for “Royal Food”. You can even get a green tea icecream. Starbucks has arrived but the rest of the US commercial tat invasion was nowhere to be seen. If you would like to see the more ‘real’ Insadong an old local told us to walk into the back streets and small lanes which feed into this busy street.", October 2019
71,4.0,Walk-around,"Walk around Insadong can be quite relaxing if you are not there on the weekend when it’s really packed with tourists. Insadong is a traditional area of Seoul full of cafes, traditional stores and restaurants. We brought a Canadian tourist and it was quite hard to find a korean barbecue restaurant that did not offer pre-set already cooked meat but eventually we found one. We also visited a traditional tea house. It’s hard to navigate the restaurants on the iPhone as it gives the wrong location. I remember there used to being tourist guides dressed in red aprons to help out tourists, but we couldn’t find one. We enjoyed the walk and got done nice traditional postcards too.", October 2019
72,4.0,A Great Place for an Evening Stroll!,"Based on my observation as the common tourist, Insadong is a nice street for a stroll. There is quite a number of art galleries and restaurants.I like the weeping willows dotted all along the streets. The evening I was there, there were some street musicians performing.Perfect place for an evening stroll before and after dinner.", October 2019
73,4.0,Great,It is a long street with a lot of places to get food and shopping.  But is nice to feel the Korean life and is a good place to see their culture., September 2019
74,4.0,Traditional korean area,"You want to experience Korea, visit this area.Souvenir shops, korean restos, korean neighborhood, antique shops are the things you will enjoy here. If you want handcrafted bags, ceramics, arts then this is your place. But i find the commodities more expensive than in myeongdong. We stayed for 2 nights in this area and its quiet and exciting due to lots of restaurant nearby. Its just next to each other. Restaurants are the one you see in korean novelas where there are individual rooms for every guest. The area is close to palaces, airport bus station and subway .", October 2019
75,4.0,Nice arty locality,"A nice place for a quick visit. There is not a lot to see apart from a long street of shops, many of which sell art and handicrafts. There are some nice items for sale but quite expensive.I was pleased we did not get a hotel there; Myeongdong has much more variety and life", October 2019
76,3.0,Cafe-hoppin' time!,"If you're tired from all the walking and shopping around Seoul, Insadong is the best place to go to stop for a cup of coffee and desserts. There are plenty of cafes to choose from, some with rather interesting themes and decors. A great place to slow the pace down during your travels.", June 2019
77,5.0,Fun,The area is fantastic with plenty of variety and places to visit.  Street food to die for! I tried Korean BBQs in a number of restaurants and cannot fault the quality.  Staff and people were always very helpful and courteous.  You mus get used to taking off your shoes.  It is very easy to walk everywhere., August 2019
78,5.0,Chic area,Loved this Korean neighborhood with its cool clothing stores and trendy restaurants.As shopping is the main attraction souvenir hunting is a must., September 2019
79,5.0,Buy souvenirs here!,"This is where we bought our souvenirs, after walking one whole day. Luckily there is a halal Indian restaurant here. Worth a visit!", September 2019
80,5.0,Trendy,"Insa-dong is a lovely trendy place to go , we went there 2 day in a roll , it’s got it unique feel about it , and lots of good restaurant on the side alley way , and lots of shopping around here ,", September 2019
81,3.0,Street Walk,"Walked along the street to get to Kimchi Museum. There are many tea-houses and nice home-style korean restaurants along this street. Plenty of eats but all appear pretty similar in terms of food options offered. If you are not into local fare, suggest you venture elsewhere such as Itaewon or even Gangnam areas for more international fare.", June 2019
82,5.0,Cultural Hub,"We enjoyed a nice stroll here. The art galleries and handicraft shops were definitely worth a visit. And the cafes here... each one offers a unique experience, but the most memorable for us was the matcha cafe! We’d like to come back and spend more time here.", September 2019
83,4.0,Vibrant tourist spot,"We took almost an hour of train from Gangnam's Handuk station to Anguk station.  Took the exit 6 and Insadong's main street is just 200 meters away. The street is filled with restaurants local and international, shops selling souvenirs, cafes, tea house, etc. In the heart of it is a building called Ssamziegil with its spiralling floors. You may want to pay the Ddong cafe aka poop cafe a visit.The main street will be branched out to many gil (Lane) in Korean. In those gils you will find mainly restaurants. Few of the popular ones we visited are in 12gil (bbq),8gil (sujebi noodle), 9gil (dumplings) .It's gets livelier during the evening around 6pm to 9pm. Overall this is a place where you wouldn't want to miss when visiting Seoul.", September 2019
84,4.0,Easy stroll around local & traditional shoos,"Streets are full of a mixture of local, traditional & modern shops. The main street is shut to vehicles so it's an easy wander, with lots of side streets off. Take time to look in to all the side areas. Easy access if staying in Insadong or easy access from subway at Anguk or Jong Gak stations", September 2019
85,5.0,Don't miss this area if you enjoy market shopping,"While I enjoyed other Seoul markets, Insadong was where I found hand dyed silk apparel and Korean crafted items.  The other ""made in China"" souvenirs are here as well, but if you search,you can find gems among the shops.", September 2019
86,5.0,Food and shops ,"It's a nice place to find good korean food. It has these small alleys where you can explore and find restaurants. There are also tons of shops selling variety of cute stuff and souvenirs. Don't miss out on trying the famous ""poop "" pancakes when you're here.", September 2019
87,5.0,Art street of Korea,So many interesting shops and art cafes. We wish we had more time to explore and look into the crafts and souvenirs.  They are just quiet pricey but worth it., September 2019
88,5.0,Many souvenirs in here!,"Worth to come. Because many variety of souvenirs in here. Price not so expensive,, i recommend this store in pic, because she gave us so many bonus for my kids haha", September 2019
89,5.0,Seoul's Artistic Town! ,"Insadong is definitely a must visit place in Seoul. Walk along the lively streets filled with art gallery, handicrafts shops, dragon candy stalls, street musician, artsy cafes and more!", September 2019
90,4.0,Souvenir,This place is a place to buy souvenir where you also can find unique mall called ssamziegil. Best to go is in weekend noon to evening., September 2019
91,4.0,Nice tea alley,"Nice street with ceramic products of tea pots/cups and local souvenirs.  Plenty of restaurants,  they even offered English menu.  There is a nice tiny tea museum off the path. Their tea are medicinal so ingest wisely.  If you never had traditional tea before,  safer to try in small sips. My friend inhaled hers within minutes and was nauseated a short while later. Getting here by taxi can be a pain because traffic here is bumper to bumper at most times of the day. Subway is much faster and cheaper.", September 2019
92,3.0,Touristy,Mostly souvenir shops with a few small art galleries here and there. Made for a good walk nevertheless., September 2019
93,4.0,Nice,"The area is interesting, full of restaurants to choose from. Many shops and souvenirs to buy. Good for a day to shop and eat.", September 2019
94,3.0,Nice and thats all,"Nice for 30 minutes and thats all. Not so interesting, there are more better streets market in seoul", September 2019
95,4.0,feel the art while drinking your tea,"I have visited insadong 10 years ago. Not changed too much. I ma impressed beacue of small art shop where the artist inside and going on create nrew picture, porcelein, wooden. there are lots of tea / coffe shops. there only one toilet at the basement on Ssazling basement.", September 2019
96,5.0,Culture meets tourism,"Insa-Dong is a place where you could go to old Tea houses or into kinda moderns shopping malls. YOu can find a lot of old papers, masks and tea pots here to buy.", October 2018
97,3.0,Convenient location for all your souvenir needs,"Only visited the top part of Insadong-gil where all the souvenir shops were. Very convenient for your souvenir needs with lots of shops for all types of goods, and in walking distance from Gyeonbukgong and Changdeokgung palaces and Bukchon Hanok village. Also, just down the alleyways are some nice local restaurants for lunch or dinner after shopping.", August 2019
98,4.0,pedestrian boutique + souvenir road,"Great at first glance, touristic at second. Some nicely designes clothes - many repetitive souvenirs. My hotel was near there + the street + side streets have many restaurants.", July 2019
99,3.0,Typical Shopping Street,There are a lot of good stores and restaurants here. Mix of tourist shops and some art shops. There was this cool building about half way down that had many floor with individual shops that sold handmade crafts. They also had a couple 10 Won bag shops. Picked up some fun purses and a new backpack to use., May 2019
100,5.0,Convenient area,"We traveled to Seoul and we couldn’t find better area than  Insadong. Here you can walk and visit the best palaces, villages and more, you can also shop and have a great meals.Definitely convenient area with good transport connectivity bus and subway.", August 2019
101,4.0,Shops and eat ,Interesting area full of shops and restaurants. You can find normal gift items to rare find art items. Go through the little alleys and find some of the best restaurants., September 2019
102,5.0,Where you would buy everything you are....,"This is the kind of place where you like anything you see.... Where you want to get everything back home with you...Pottery, wood works, local craft, clothes, art, food...amazing", September 2019
103,5.0,Great cultural district,"Great place to look for arts and cultural trinkets or souvenirs such as traditional paintings,fabrics, hanboks, tea accessories, painting accessories, etc.", September 2019
104,5.0,Very entertaining,"I enjoyed visiting the numerous shops repeat with local handicrafts. The people were very pleasant. I enjoyed strolling around shopping and taking photos and also found many tasty treats to sample. plus there was a Starbucks and I was in need of a coffee, so I had a really good time. Oh, and I bought numerous gifts to take home to friends.", August 2019
105,5.0,Great trip,"Great transit network, very efficient and on time.  I need tp write 100 characters but i dont need them....", August 2019
106,3.0,Overrated Tourist Area,The main street has been closed to allow pedestrians to walk the entire length. It is pleasant enough but a great disappointment as many tourist guides raise expectations beyond what is warranted., August 2019
107,3.0,Nice Change From Shopping Centers,Little shops line the alleys and they were fun to venture. Do note this is touristy area so prices are also high. There are interesting shops and tea houses along the way that offer a respite from the heat ( we were there in summer ) and walking., July 2019
108,4.0,Nice area with great cafes,"Some beautiful cafes here, and lots of options for Jujube tea. A bit touristy and gets quieter around 9-10pm, but very vibrant during the day and early evening.", August 2019
109,3.0,Shopping ,"Interesting place to visit but not on hot day. No cover except into those tiny shops-  do drop into a few interesting shops esp the Michelin Traditional teahouse on Insadong. Great place to have korean tea, coffee, snacks and lots of photos", August 2019
110,4.0,Food and shops,Insa-dong is a street close to the royal palaces. It is a touristy area and the prices are accordingly. A good range of places to eat can be found in the alleyways of the main street. There are also a number of bars in the alleys., July 2019
111,4.0,Nice cultural/shopping area,Insadong has a lot of arts and cultural places. The main street is primarily for shopping so venture off it for hidden gems!, August 2019
112,5.0,Food and Shopping ,"Insadong is near Bukchon Hanok Village. It is a whole street filled with food and Shopping, they sell traditional souvenirs and art pieces! It is recommended for people who have an appreciation for arts or are looking to buy traditional souvenirs back home.", August 2019
113,4.0,Typical shopping street,Lots of places to eat and buy things. However the prices are not cheap as it is a touristy area. We didn't stop long in any of the shops as we were only walking past on the way back to the hotel. Good to spend a hour perhaps., July 2019
114,5.0,"Interesting, original street.","Here you can find everything related to art and folk crafts: souvenirs, paintings, handicrafts. Many galleries, small shops. Very atmospheric place! On weekends (and maybe not only), many different master classes for children and adults are held.", July 2019
115,5.0,The touristy shopping district,"This is a kind of place a lot of day tours bring tourists to shop. It's nice, walkable, colorful and safe. Plenty of shops and places to eat.", July 2019
116,4.0,Souvenirs for Tourists,"Insadong is one of the must visits in Seoul.  There are different kinds of food sold along the street.  What I like about Insadong is that there are different kinds of souvenir items, arts and crafts, jewelries and local artists' creations here.  Some items are not cheap but if you find one that you really like, better buy it if you think you can't find one like that for a cheaper price.  You can do a half day or few hours visit here, depending on your interests. It's also near some of the tourist spots.  You'll see a lot of tourists walking wearing the hanbok.", December 2018
117,4.0,Little foodie heaven,Here is one of the places you can try traditional foods while taking in scenic ambiance of modern and old-world charms combined. Plenty of shops selling tasty delicacies and souvenirs that reflect the old and new Korea., April 2019
118,5.0,Nice place to explore,"I was not sure what this place has to offer.  But when we visited this place, there were so many interesting places to see....shopping and restaurants mostly.  I like this place because it offered so many things.  I wish I had so much time to explore this place. Maybe on my next visit.  Who knows?", May 2019
119,3.0,"Cultural heaven, souvenir central","I recommend to come here if you need to buy some cultural souvenirs. They are all cheap and have good quality. If you go, check out the handmade stuff as well inside the mall looking place.", April 2019
120,5.0,Great for shopping,"You can buy there gifts, souvenirs, you can also have a snack or just stroll around looking at the colorful crowd of locals and foreigners. Easy to get there from metro station - for example Anguk (Line 3) or Jonggak (Line 1). My hidden gem was O'Sulloc Tea House.", July 2019
121,4.0,Great for Souvenirs and Eating,Souvenir shopping here is great and there are many alleys with a wide choice of restaurants with English language menus., August 2019
122,5.0,Must go to buy gifts and souvenirs ,"It is a hustling street, full of shops for gifts and souvenirs. There are many shops of Korean cosmetics which are top quality. You can buy many Korean masks by a very good price. Also there are good prices Korean restaurants. This street is very close to the palace (walking distance).", June 2019
123,5.0,"Quirky, artsy and quaint ","Stumbled across this gorgeous little village that I’d read about but not realised how quaint and quirky it really was! Loved it! Fantastic place for kids to create their own slime, arty pictures, candles etc!", August 2019
124,4.0,Good food and shopping options ,Insadong is a great neighborhood in Seoul for travelers to visit. There are good restaurants everywhere and many are not expensive. There’s also heaps of souvenirs for sale so it’s a great spot for travelers to visit!, July 2019
125,5.0,Traditional snacks and souvenirs,Went to Insadong shopping street for lunch. It offers many traditional Korean snacks and souvenirs. Managed to find a really nice tea house that sends you back in time with it's rustic and cosy environment., July 2019
126,3.0,Restaurants Expensive and Not Delicious Food,"To me, this is an area that doesn't worth revisiting. Restaurants are expensive but not yummy at all. The shopping centre is not fabulous either. It's a quieter and more traditional area. Visiting once is enough.", July 2019
127,4.0,Good Place to Buy Souvenirs,"A nice selection of souvenir stores, so worth the visit for that alone.  At least on the main street, more of a quaint souvenir/tourist street rather than the neighborhood feel I was expecting, but we enjoyed being able to get all of our gifts in one place.", May 2019
128,5.0,Great food on side streets,"Great little side streets with amazing restaurants! Neat area for shopping and great food. Very near Gyeongbokgung palace. We went there to find a place for lunch. Watch out for guys asking for donations, they tend to target the tourist, but are not aggressive, just tell them no.There are some neat shops.", July 2019
129,5.0,Shopping district,You can find a lot of shops and Restaurants. Also some street food. Interesting is also a temple at this district, July 2019
130,5.0,Great place for a walk,"Our hotel was close to Insadong and we really enjoyed visiting many times during our stay.  The restaurants were very good, our favorite tea shop MoonBird Only thinks of the Moon was there and many very nice shops.", July 2019
131,5.0,Con un pie roto por un templo budista...,As like all Asia the contrasting arquitecture from the temple and the modern buildings give you the taste of the modern Seoul with ancient traditions.Frivolous shopping and a mystical stop to observe the lotos ...., July 2019
132,5.0,Fun souvenir street,"Located in easily walkable distance between the palaces and Myeongdong, this small area should be visited for cheap souvenirs, also must visit the fun mini shopping arcade called Ssamziegil.", July 2019
133,5.0,Good pedestrian street to stroll,Good place to buy souvenirs with many restautants (incl. fantastic vegan ones)  great cafes ans tea houses. Close to many other touristic spots., July 2019
134,5.0,Enjoyable walk,"Love to walk Insadong gil.  It is not quite a pedestrian only as there are delivery vehicles and taxis passing thru during the day, but pure pedestrian after a certain hour in the afternoon.  It is very crowded but still enjoyable to walk thru and experience the many shops, restaurants and gift shops.  Be sure to walk the many side alleyways, which are filled with restaurants and shops.  It is very safe.  Most of Insadong gil is smoke free another good feature.  And eventhough some areas are cobblestone, it is pretty much flat and straight for wheelchair accessiblity.", July 2019
135,5.0,Cuuuute,A series of old school fashioned shops and tea/coffee houses.  Certainly worth a look.  Had a fantastic relaxed time at a tea house there., July 2019
136,4.0,Good spot for insta.,"Originally there were many of traditional shops and tea cafes prviously but it turned morden style a lot but still many things to see and take a picture for insta. In the small alleys there are old resturants what you can enjoy Korean traditional food not only Bulgoggies but also Korean rice wine. You can reach on foot from Kyungbok palace, Changkyung palace,  Hanok village, Jongro and so on. You can walk 10,000 steps easily.", May 2019
137,4.0,Korean Ice Cream,"If it’s hot this is an awesome place to cool down, with a shared bowl of shaved ice cream with condensed milk you can pour over that really brings out the taste of the shaved ice whether you start with chocolate or mango or any of the other multitude of flavours.", June 2019
138,5.0,Absolutely stunning!,"Definitely one of my favorite places in Seoul! You can definitely feel the traditional and cultural atmosphere here. Lots and lots of souvenirs for you to choose from ranging from affordable to slightly pricey. Also, tons of unique, handmade stuffs you can buy to bring home. The entire street are long with tons of shops, restaurants, and coffee shops so you can definitely take your time here and just explore, perhaps, a whole day here would be good to just hang out and chill too!I came here multiple times during my trip because of the vibes, the food are awesome too, very traditional mixed with modern! Just remember to wear comfy shoes :) Once you're done with the main street, you can also walk around the area which has plenty of sightseeing with traditional shops, temples, etc.", August 2018
139,4.0,Lively Part of Seoul,"Realky nice area in downtown Seoul with loads of eateries, sone good bars, hotels and souvenir shops. Within easy walk of the two main palaces. The Airport bus stops here and its served by the subway.I stayed in Insadong and really enjoyed it, the place has a good vibe.", July 2019
140,4.0,Nice shopping street,"We enjoyed this street as it had different shops (art, furniture) that we did not see in other parts of the  city. I bought a greta painting and amazing Korean lamp there.It had greta options for food and snacks as well.I strongly recommend the restaurant ""So Sim""", June 2019
141,4.0,Interesting place in the city,The town has different look from Seoul which has tall building forest and is crowded. The town has lots of low ceiling stores. You can see Korean traditional goodies or restaurants in the town. It’s an interesting place. Prices seem a bit overpriced through., July 2019
142,5.0,Great shopping and food experience,This is a place to visit for higher end gift items. There are shops that sell traditional celadon pottery that make perfect gift that is unique to Korea.  Street and alley ways are adorned with traditional Korean style buildings that enhances your overall experience. Recommend visiting after the Gyeoungbokgung place because it is located two blocks South East., July 2019
143,5.0,Great area ,"It is an amazing area, nice, clean, friendly, lots of things to see and do, bars, restaurants, hotels, locals and many foreigners to chat with. A lot of hidden and cute street to walk around and feel the Korean atmosphere.", July 2019
144,4.0,Souvenir shopping,"this is the only place i saw in Seoul that was selling souvenirs in abundance. I mean there were other places and well, but this has dedicated shops for your magnets, chopsticks, handicraft etc. They also have some alleys which have some authentic korean restaurants - worth a visit. Very clean place", June 2019
145,4.0,A fun mixture of tradition and modern..,"We were just strolling around the area for some food and a Korean friend recommended this old but nice small restaurant which serves korean traditional snacks..There are traditional items sold in the stores like antique stuffs or wood carvings..You can also buy souvenirs at a low cost, you can make bargains if you buy more..There are also modern pubs and restaurants in the area.What I didn't like is that people are smoking every alley. I hate the smell of cigars.But overall, the place is a good stroll. Interesting stuff, delicious food and lively community.", June 2019
146,5.0,My favorite part of Seoul ,If you’re an artist or crafts person this is the place to go. Great food and lots of great shops with beautiful artists and offerings. Don’t miss it!!, June 2019
147,5.0,Pedestrian street ,Pedestrian street with many shops. Buyins souvenirs or art pieces is possible. Did not see any coffee shops to sit and look around., July 2019
148,3.0,Nice area,"Nice area. There are lots to see, eat and shop. You can rent traditional Korean costume and walk around", July 2019
149,4.0,Great food and atmosphere,Worth a visit if you want to sample Korean food and traditional street food. There are also several bars and modern  western restaurants. I saw a lot of young people in the streets., July 2019
150,5.0,Seoul’s art center,"We always come by as our friend own a shop, Shin Young Mi, selling art pieces - paintings, ties, scarves and umbrellas.  There are many shops with products from local artists.  Bought some embroidery souvenirs.  I found an Osulloc tea house here.", January 2019
151,5.0,Great spot for long layover ,"I visited Insadong during a long layover and had a great time. A lot of restaurants, cafes and shops for souvenirs and gifts.", June 2019
152,4.0,Nice street,"I had been in the noon and it was plenty of people, I got news that in the night is crowded of local and turist people in shopping or dining time. It is a good place for visit in you stay in this area.", June 2019
153,5.0,Korean souvenirs,"Buying Korean souvenirs here is way cheaper than in other places. They also have a store here where all bags are 10,000won/each. We also found a ""mom & pop"" shop that serves good army stew. A must place to visit for shoppers", June 2019
154,4.0,Beautiful artsy area,"Twice I have lived in this area and I really love it - the wonderful souvenir shops, the galleries and of course the food places. Truly love this area.", June 2019
155,4.0,traditional souvenir,"Lots of artsy and traditional souvenirs can be found here, but there are also kpop merchandise. There are many art galleries but i never went into one. The souvenirs are a bit expensive though.", June 2019
156,4.0,Beautiful area,"I like it here as I am into culture. Beautiful lanes with beautiful structure. It was a nice stroll going down the lanes. Saw some tourist dressed up in the traditional outfits, beautiful indeed. Spent sometimes browsing the souvenirs shops.  I truly enjoyed this place.", June 2019
157,4.0,Good place for art & food,"After touring Bukchon Hanok Village, we walked over to Insadong for lunch. There is a main pedestrianised street and side alleys branching out by the side.We stopped by at a small eatery for cold noodles and mandus (Korean dumplings). After lunch we were directed by a man holding a menu card to visit a Hanok house in the side alley for dessert.There are a number of galleries, art and craft shops. I had a caricature drawn by a street artist in Ssamzigil. It was a fun place to be after visiting Gyeongbokgung and Bukchon.", June 2019
158,4.0,Too many palaces in one day?,"This area near Gyeongbokgung and Changdeokgung Palaces is the perfect area to stroll when one more palace is just too much. There are small boutiques, cafes and street vendors to entice you to part with your remaining won -- or just stroll and watch other tourists spend theirs!", June 2019
159,2.0,too touristic,It has became too touristic after all the tourist visit here. It is not special unless you want to shop something for gift., October 2018
160,4.0,Heart of the City,"The streets and narrow alleyways have art galleries, teahouses, restaurants and cafes, small shops selling arts and crafts and there are lots of souvenirs and lots of people. But if you do wander down the alleyways you can find little places to poke in to. I found a hole in the wall place making only mandu which are the Korean dumplings. Also followed the tracks up to one of the cat cafes. It's just a great time to wander and browse and see where your eyes, ears and nose will take you.", March 2019
161,5.0,Holiday,"We visited Bukchon village and after we walked to Insa-dong. There is a wide street with alleyways coming off the main drag. There are lots of craft and art outlets mixed with cafes and restaurants. There is not the hustle and bustle of some other areas which makes it pleasant to stroll, look and enjoy. A great pocket of Seoul. There were very interesting shops selling hand made fans and good souvenirs locally made.", June 2019
162,4.0,Lovely Art Village,"A  quiet place to leisurely stroll among arts and stores selling local handmade items, plenty of street food, restaurants, coffee shops and music. Money changer across Starbucks, a tourist Information at one end  A clean and beautiful cobblestone street conveniently located between 2 palaces – Gyeongbokgung Palace  and Changgyeonggung Palace. Plenty of benches to rest.  Also in Insadong you can rent  a Hanbok, Korea’s National Costume to wear to the palace for perfect pictures! Very easy to hail a taxi.", June 2019
163,5.0,Shopping for Souvenirs,I found some good items for souvenirs and gifts to friends.  But I have a hard time looking for men's clothing and accessories.  Enjoyed the walk with the cool breezy air., May 2019
164,5.0,great,"fantastic place to stroll and wander around,buying souvenirs for home. Even a cat cafe with little munchkin cats!", May 2019
165,5.0,"Nice area, all you need","Lots of boutique and artisan type shops as well as lower end souvenir shops further down the stretch, but the whole area is pretty clean and has a nice calm vibe about it despite being a busy/touristy area. You can stroll down the main street taking in all they have to offer while drinking your fresh strawberry juice and eating whatever you may find among the many options of street food (not for me - i quickly found spice allergy is a bit of an issue in korea!). At the bottom of the road there's loads of old guys at tables outside the edge of the park playing board games and at the top of the road you pretty much have gyeongbokgung palace, a nice contrast. The presence of the traditional korean spa here is reason enough alone to go to insadong, it's a bonus that it's a great area with so much else to offer too.", May 2019
166,5.0,Cozy place for shopping and eating ..,"A cozy place for a walk, shopping and eating. Not super crowded than the other market, more organize, interesting design of street (you need to explore the places in the aisle - you will be surprise on small and tasty restaurant that serve Korean food and snacks)and lot of choices.Also if you want to have a photo session with hanbok and other traditional dress you can fine one place, very profesional one just on the main street of Insadong market.", June 2019
167,3.0,Shady avenue,I'm finding the more areas I visit in Seoul that they are all basically the same Mind you this has some lovely shady trees down this street which make it pleasant. There is one particular shop where the guys are making a product from honey and malt and filling it with nutty mixture which is delicious.  You can see them making them - nice guys too!, June 2019
168,4.0,Interesting tourist spot,"Many lanes and shops, so can be confusing if you dont hv good sense of direction.  But a place worth visiting.  Opposite one of the lanes is the Joygesa temple decorated with many colourful lantherns in celebration of Vesak Day.", May 2019
169,5.0,"A lovely, arty part of town",We came here as part of the Busan City tour and decided to come back again the next day to spend more time in this lovely area. The shops are just that bit more unusual than those we visited elsewhere and we particularly liked the antique shops., May 2019
170,4.0,Traditional small town,"Very art centric and traditional in that no store signage can be in English, see Starbuck's photo. Nice area to walk and browse,  there's even an alley with antiques.", March 2019
171,4.0,Nice but not entirely novel,"We lived in Insadong during our trip - which made it super convenient for quick meals, sundries and shopping for knickknacks. The main shopping street branches into lanes with teashops, restaurants and crafts shops.", May 2019
172,4.0,"Getting more tourist oriented by the year, but I still always find something extraordinary.","I have been back to Insadong several times over the last several years. Over the past three visits I have seen more of the galleries and fine art places disappear and more places selling tourist stuff. Still there are places with beautiful art and crafts. I found a Chinese style teapot in a cream glaze with fabulous grey craqueleur. It was not cheap but it is not something you are likely to find anywhere else. Every time I have come here and wandered the streets, I have found something unique. So it is still worth visiting, tourists and all. There are any number of tea and coffee places, traditional Korean restaurants, and, if your are vegetarian, one famous vegan place specialising in Korean temple food, Sanchon. I do plan to return next visit.", May 2019
173,2.0,Insanely Touristy,"I’m not sure what we expected, but this tourist-street wasn’t it. We did have a decent lunch in a side alley off the main drag, but the whole area just felt a bit fake and touristy. Possibly not, but the rest of the week in Seoul, we barely met any non-domestic tourists, and Insadong just felt a bit like a Western tourist hub. There are far nicer to see Korean traditions than here.", May 2019
174,5.0,Love the neighborhood,"It was so pleasant walking around every street.  So many restaurants and shops everywhere.  It's not as crowded as Myeongdong and prices are much better as well.  Nice, quaint shops and food was really good.", May 2019
175,4.0,Nice walk,Walked through this area after a visit to some nearby shrines. Some good tourist shops and galleries. Enjoyable and worth a look, May 2019
176,5.0,Almost a step back in time ,"This was right behind our hotel. There are many shops, resturants, tea houses and more. There was almost too many options to eat. We found food stalls and a lot of traditional resturants slightly off the beayen path. Not to mention the galleries and museums.", May 2019
177,5.0,Fascinating area to spend time exploring,"As I was staying right near Insadong, I had the area on my doorstep. There are hundreds of restaurants of varying quality and price. Generally, I've found dining out in Seoul to be quite expensive but it is possible to find cheaper meals if you're prepared to overcome the lack of language and give the food a go! It's delicious! There are some great shops in Insadong, though a bit touristy for my taste, so I didn't actually buy anything. Insadong can get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights, but that adds to its charm.", May 2019
178,3.0,"Tourist area, with plenty of shops",Walk past here by accident. There are plenty of individual shops for gifts. However I would definite bargain. As majority of the time only tourist come over here. The area is quite atmospheric.  Worth a walk around., May 2019
179,5.0,A really great souvenir shopping street,"Well, you know how these places usually are. Same things over and over, with prices varying two-fold. Stuff made in China... You know what I'm talking about. All this can be found here, BUT to much less extent than you would usually see. Quite a few unique hand-made artifacts, lots of ""art galleries"" along the street and further to the sides. Quite reasonable prices as well. The must if you are after something local to bring back home.", May 2019
180,4.0,Local shopping,"If you’re looking for a place to buy local souvenirs this is it. There are a bunch of local shops catered to locals more than tourists. There is also a buda temple near by. There is some street food too. Not far from the palace, it’s a short 5-10 minute walk.", February 2019
181,4.0,"Nice area, and things to see and do!",You can shop many traditional Korean arts and crafts here. It was nice area to explored the culture and history of Korea., September 2018
182,3.0,Not especially interesting ,The main “antique “ street was little more than a tourist mall but the side streets with their rabbit warrens of buildings with numerous stalls were more interesting though the items for sale looked generally to be of mediocre quality, May 2019
183,4.0,Worth to see,"It is a bit atypical shopping area. It is a mix of art galleries,  interesting shops, different type of restaurants.", May 2019
184,5.0,Strolling through this artistic street in Seoul City,Insadong is an interesting area where artists sell their products. Also small shops with painting articles can be found there. Look in the side streets for nice small restaurants with good food., April 2019
185,5.0,Worth seeing,"It is not like typical 《shopping only》place. There are art galleries around, interesting shops, many restaurants in many types.  It is worth the time.", May 2019
186,5.0,This place is excellent,"A very wide variety of stores and market type stalls. Vist the Sword shop up a side alley - truely amazing array of hand made weaponary as seen in the movies, all made here. Everything to please the ladies.", April 2019
187,5.0,The Place To Go For Souveniers,This is the best location for unique and pretty souvenirs. Be sure to also stop Nuri Kitchen for the best lunch box lunch ever!, May 2019
188,4.0,Very crowd but worth to visit only once,Used to be one of the best place to visit but now is too crowd .However it is worthwhile to visit. Some good restaurants.Another nearby place to recommend is Ikson-dong, May 2019
189,4.0,Nice Historical Street,Was there only around 30 mins but find this place is nice and plenty of picture taking which there is a lot of old shoplots with modern skyscraper behind them.Souvenirs are aplenty but didn't check the price as my time is limited here, April 2019
190,4.0,Nice waling street wiht many restaurants and shopping hub,"A very nice walking street with lots of souvenir shops and several restaurant to try local specialties, some street food stalls also offer local specialties worth trying, the street is also near several other tourist attractions", April 2019
191,4.0,Plenty to see here lots to buy.Plenty of variety.,"It is popular but this is Korea and some.  Lots of small shops selling all sorts.  Plenty of craft, pper, writing materials, clothes, restaurants, coffee and tea houses.  It is vibrant.  Well worth a visit.", April 2019
192,5.0,"Handmade Korean goods, but its industrialized.","Great location to buy gifts for tourists to bring back home.The prices are reasonable and you get the feeling for Korean made goods and its culture.There are places to eat along the beaten path. Its a quick walk and worth spending your time here in the evening before you go to get your gifts.Its not easy to find off the metro, as there are many exits to the street from below and depending which one you take you have to walk a bit to get to the district.The prices range from inexpensive to fairly expensive. Bring your wallet and walking shoes.", March 2019
193,5.0,Love this area,"There is always something interesting to see or eat in this lovely part of Seoul. Easily accessible by metro and close to some of the more frequented Seoul attractions it should definitely be part of your travel plans.  Lots of handmade crafts, pottery, textiles. Wonderful tea shops to enjoy a moment of rest and restaurants for a delicious meal. My favorite place to visit in Seoul and take guests when they visit.", May 2019
194,5.0,Another fun but touristy place to visit in city center Seoul,"Insadong has a few street food vendors (not much really), but lots of street and sidewalk merchandise vendors and small stores, and lots of restaurants. More good people watching. Definitely should be on your list.", April 2019
195,3.0,Not very special,"This area is touted as a great place to go and buy artifacts. However it's more a clothes shopping places, I'd say, as the artifacts aren't all that special and look a bit fake (not handmade...).", May 2019
196,5.0,Shopping Spree,Pretty Street. Can easily spend a couple of hours here. Brands I’ve never seen. Got some “Chasing Stretch” tracksuit pants and “Jaju” sloppy joe and pearl hoop earrings from street vendor. Service was a bit icy but practical. Highly recommend., May 2019
197,4.0,Quaint,Very interesting area located in Seoul in the streets that have cultural shops showing  videos on how they made pots. Masks and jewellery. There are also shops selling hand made  paper and all of the materials needed to write in Korean style with special types of brushes and inks which are really very interesting, May 2019
198,5.0,Insadong,"If you are into arts, drop by to this beautiful row of shophouses. This is the place that we feel still keeps check their Korean heritage. Even the word, Starbucks is spelled in Hangul. Amazing. It is walking distance from Samcheongdong-gil though. So you can travel to 2 places on 1 trip.", January 2019
199,4.0,Half day Visit Including Lunch,"A must place to visit every time I visit Seoul.  There are lots of visitors from all over the world there.  They are selling all the typical tourist stuff (junk) one could expect.  Really nice restaurant that have a lot of experiences serving foreigners from all over the globe.  If no one speaks Korean, well the picture menu is fine.  Just point to the item and say ok.  Knives and forks are available at almost all restaurants in this area of Seoul.  Enjoy your lunch or dinner!", April 2019
200,4.0,Nice Place,We spent a day in Insadong taking in the sights and wandering through the streets enjoying every minute here., May 2018
201,5.0,Charming Place for an Old Town,"I love the feel of this place...traditional and modern at the same time. It's a nice area to shop here as there are so many shops, souvenirs and cafes.", October 2018
202,4.0,More of an artisan's street than a market,"We went there to eat and found there were multiple alleys and that each alley had several restaurants. We didn't know this and immediately chose a restaurant on the first alley we entered. We thought of buying trinkets from Insadong to bring home but because the shops on the main street are more of artisan shops showcasing handmade crafts. We waited till we got to Namdaemun market to buy cheap goods instead. (Stingy, I know. In my defense we bought in bulk so it wouldn't be cost effective for us to buy exclusive items.)", April 2019
203,4.0,Cute and Vibrant!,"A lovely place to stroll through looking for both locally made unusual and typical souvenirs. It's typically very much full of western, English speaking tourists, but many of the sellers and stall holders do not speak great English, so be prepared to have your translation book/app out - all park of the experience!If it's time for a meal, be sure to check out the streets and alleys that run off the sides of the main, as they offer great local and international foods at bargain prices!", March 2019
204,5.0,Nice place,Not cheap though but very nice place. Also family friendly. You can bring your kids and do shopping., April 2019
205,5.0,Touristy but Great Experience,"We visited the area and decided to check out the alleys (which had great food places) and purchased quite a few souvenirs from here. It was touristy, but it was still a great experience. We want to go back to the poop cafe.", December 2018
206,5.0,Korea-all in.,"Awesome street. It’s a mixture of Korean culture and everything else. Shopping for traditional stuff and modern items for gifts or personal use. Locally made and imported items. Hanbok rentals, cafes and restaurants for all tastes. And, of course, the street food. Nice people there too. On 2 stores I bought some items in, they gave out some free stuff. Maybe I was just lucky, but ut did give me a good impression of the neighborhood. One can spend a whole day there. Also nice for people watching, specially at this time of year (spring).", April 2019
207,5.0,High energy; lots to see and do,"Insadong street was near our hotel so we walked it several times. Always something new to see, from restaurants to shops and galleries.", April 2019
208,5.0,Beautiful area with lots of young and older women in traditional costumes,"We experienced the hanbok rental (traditional clothing).  Girls rent the traditional clothing at a cost of about $150US!  They wear tennis shoes under the dresses and take phone photos of each other in various poses.  The back of the head is often more photographed than the face, or so I saw.  Shopping is good quality and pricing.", March 2019
209,4.0,Walking around,There are a lot of traditional Korean souvenirs shops you can pick and should many choices also many restaurants around., April 2019
210,5.0,Charming street,Insadong is a charming street to walk through. Lots of artsy stores and souvenir shops. Small eateries give you great food choices., April 2019
211,5.0,Cool Shopping District,Super fun to shop in this district.  Well known for its cleanliness and great for gifts.  A 'must stop' for any visitor; also great street food options., March 2019
212,5.0,Take a walk here!,When you’re coming from bukchon hanok village you’ll walk straight to insadong if you’re going towards the city center. It’s nice with its restaurants and shops!, March 2019
213,4.0,Good place for a walk,A good place to spend an afternoon here walking the shops and having tea at one of the teahouses especially the old traditional types., April 2019
214,5.0,Colorful and Bright,"We took a stroll down Insadong, visiting various stores along the way. The scarves, pottery and traditional paintings on fans and wall hangings were fun to look at and peruse. We picked up some treasures but enjoyed the opportunity to experience this colorful street of arts and crafts.", April 2019
215,5.0,Nice,I liked this nice place. Good for shopping and food on every step. We had fun discovering quaint little places. We will be going back soon., June 2018
216,5.0,Must go,Lovely area. Nice to spend an hour or so walking thru this area. Please make sure you look at the galleries. Lovely art work., March 2019
217,3.0,Culture and Art,"We spend about an hour and a half strolling the street. Good place for souvenirs, art work etc. There are some street food vendors. Do not miss the building - Ssamziegil where each level is connected by a spiral walkway. Interesting mix of shops - artwork, accessories, glasses, watches, handicrafts and all.", April 2019
218,5.0,Cute Area!! ,"Loved this shopping area. Most of the stores don’t open until 1030/11 am and most of the stores close around 8 pm.  Around 530 some street vendors came out on the end of the street with delicious snacks.  We had heard about a fish shaped ice cone from a friend that was a must try and found it here.  It was delicious, but very sweet.", April 2019
219,4.0,Tea houses an souvenir ,This is a great place to take a break for the day at a tea house and then get some shopping in as well!!, April 2019
220,5.0,Nice area,"The area is pretty nice, not just Insadong but the surrounding area within 15 minutes walk radius.  Recommend a visit when in Seoul.", April 2019
221,3.0,Very quite.,Visited on a Friday from about 5pm to 8pm. It was extremely quite and slow. Not sure if it would be better to visit during the day but for me it was not terribly interesting. Enjoyed other areas of Seoul much more., April 2019
222,2.0,Holiday ,"Lovely street with art , calligraphy, paper, Pottery shops. K-pop stores- BTS , black pink merchandise . Many cafes and local Korean cuisine", April 2019
223,5.0,Good mix of the old & new,"Insadong has a rich mix of the old & new, buildings, shops. Interesting shops selling trinkets & traditional stuff. Good place to coffee-shop too. Easily a day flies past without one realising it.", March 2019
224,5.0,Old but Precious ,"A must go destination for tourists who like to explore traditional, old towns in any country . A main road with alleys , shops, resturants and tea cafes. Great place to buy souvenir, ceramics,  hanbok (Korean old traditional clothes), antique shops plus many traditional Korean items. My photos will talk :)", March 2019
225,5.0,Great street for shopping souveniers,"I went to Insadong, which is a traditional street featuring arts and crafts, to buy some souveniers for my family. You'll find lots of handcrafted goods in all price ranges and have lots of opportunities to bring home interesting gifts. Nice atmosphere, especially in the evening", March 2019
226,5.0,Traditional streets,Traditional streets. Arts and crafts. Traditional non expensive restaurants. Ver interesting visit. Nice and safe., March 2019
227,4.0,Traditional Korean culture ,The Insa-dong street shows traditional culture with antique art book stores and tee houses. Very famous for visitors., March 2019
228,4.0,Too touristy,"I say it’s too touristy but if you are a tourist, then you should visit.  Lots of cute shops and definitely a destination for tourists.", February 2019
229,5.0,Saturday in Seoul,I have been going to Insadong whenever I can get a chance when in Seoul as I love this place. It show cases Korean traditional art but also various traditional food selections are very nice.  I am an artsy person and I enjoy looking at Korean folk arts and purchasing gifts from here more than anywhere else. I highly recommend people visit Insadong at least once if you are in Seoul., March 2019
230,4.0,Local market,"Local market! a lot of interesting places with souvenirs and street food! If you like such things, it is worth going to this place and checking it yourself! For us, it was just ok! Quite a lot of people", March 2019
231,3.0,Touristy and crowded,It’s good for souvenir shopping and people watching. It can be combined with a visit to the nearby Bukchon Hanhok Village which to me is much more interesting., March 2019
232,4.0,Insadong - Be inspired.,"This is an charming place where old but precious and traditional goods are on display. There are alleys on each side of this charming road. Within these alleys are galleries and traditional restaurants, teahouses, and cafes. A must visit while in Seoul.", December 2018
233,4.0,Must ,"Local and traditional charm in the center of Seoul. Full of wooden tea houses, boutique ,galleries and street vendors selling traditional snacks. Must do in Seoul .", March 2019
234,5.0,happening,"cheap foods, cheap clothes, they have lots of DIY stuff here.  handmade jewelleries, caricature. friendly people around", March 2019
235,5.0,Nice walk,"Take a nice walk in the small streets of insadong. Enjoy the cozy tea houses. It´s nice. There are nice different shops there, but like always, avoid the classic souvenier shops.", April 2018
236,5.0,Food Heaven,If you are a food lover and looking for a affordable but variety type of foods then this place suit you., January 2019
237,5.0,Famous Arts street,"After a good Korean set lunch barbecued mackerel with rice, took a walk down the Insadong art street. Stopped by the shop which inscribe your personalised name signature stamp Dojang. Something unique to treasure which local banks accept as a your signature stamp.", March 2019
238,5.0,Hidden Secrets,"This section of Seoul is a place I love to get lost within. Don’t be scared of taking the winding narrow roads because they often lead to hidden treasures, like traditional tea shops, unique galleries, and cozy alcohol joints. Great with a first date, solo, or family. - this area even has a St. Patrick’s Day outdoor party with live music. Lots of street vendors. I mostly go for the desserts. Modern mixed with traditional styles. Great place to buy souvenirs, especially scroll paintings.", June 2018
239,4.0,A piece of older town,"Not very far form the royal palace and national museum, definitely worth visiting. Especially if you want to see something different than glass, steel and concrete. Touristy. Restaurants, souvenir shops, galleries, street food etc", March 2019
240,3.0,Shopping till you drop ,"I have 3 daughters, 1 son and 1 wife... They shopped for 4 hours while me and my son waited in 2 coffee shops. I just loved the street food and watching people spend all their money shopping! Haha", October 2018
241,5.0,Art District fun!,"Insa-dong provided us with many souvenirs, treats, and fun experiences! We enjoyed walking, eating and shopping our way through Insa-dong and would recommend you visit if you are looking to find Name Chops, the Ddong Cafe, or dragon candy.", January 2019
242,4.0,Good for souvenirs and street food ,On certain weekends you get cultural dancesGenerally  a tourist haven for shopping little souvenirs Oh year there is also a 💩 biscuit  stall which biscuits really are made to look like human excrement.Insadong is sure to be a tourist hotspot. there are 2 metro stations here at opposite  end of the street plus some short walk re Jongno3 and another which name i have forgotten !), February 2019
243,5.0,San Antonio riverwalk but set in Seoul,Great area for tourists - lots of restaurants and shops - and everyone speaks at least functional English - you will see lots of USA tourists because of location near US base - so of course the local merchants responded to the local demand, July 2018
244,4.0,A nice area to walk around,"Insadong is a small area which is significantly less crowded than MyeongDong. We came here because our hostel was closeby and we really appreciated the tea shop there. You can get all sorts of really nice matcha teas and desserts~!The insadong area is also good for getting little souvenirs which we found to be actually quite difficult to find in other areas! You can find lots of tea ceremony places in this area, so definitely worth a stroll about, especially to get away from the hustle and bustle of other areas.", December 2018
245,5.0,"Small street, high price but lovely","It small walking street but have a lot of remarkable places. The prices in here are quite expensive, just go and see, no need to buy anything", November 2018
246,4.0,Shopping and cafes ,Loads of local shops selling handmade local goods and mass produced cheap touristy stuff. Many cafes and restaurants. Lots to keep you busy., February 2019
247,4.0,Perfect for those take home souvenirs,There are lots of nice shops with handmade items and a few restaurants but definitely the place to come for cheap trinkets to take home for friends and family., January 2019
248,5.0,Relaxing shopping street,"Insadong is a relaxing shopping street. here you can find many Korean gift and novelty items, and it's not that expensive too.", April 2018
249,5.0,Excellent for present & souvenir shopping,Interesting street to walk down with a huge choice of inexpensive souvenirs. Variety of different shops too., November 2018
250,3.0,Cultural visit,a short street selling cultural sourvenir and gifts for visit. juz need to take a walk by if convenience., February 2019
251,3.0,Culture Village,"I just go there for photostop. Need only 1 hour to explore Insadong. I dont like Ssamziegil. Here we only see the traditional house, people are wearing hanbok and some souvenir shops.", December 2018
252,5.0,interesting walk,"I have been there twice. In the summer, it is very crowed, populated by local visitors, which means it is not a place for tourists. A few days ago, it was less crowded but still interesting even though one can see a lot of shops selling cheap products.There is a very interesting restaurant in the area called Sanchon worth eating there. It is presented as eating monastery food. It is very spectacular, plentiful, and the service is excellent.", January 2019
253,3.0,Well preserved ancient Korean houses,"Typical houses of traditional and classic Korean designs and structures were well maintained, preserved and families are living in them. Good work! History and culture is being kept alive.... Enjoyable walk....", October 2018
254,4.0,Lots of souvenir shops,"Insadong-gil is a street full of souvenir shops. If you are looking for Hanbok, you can find it here. You can also have personalized stamps made here. The traditional Korean paper can also be purchased here.There are also a lot of restaurants in the area.", January 2019
255,5.0,Ssamzigil,"Went to Ssamzigil a cool retail center with 4 floors of fashion, art & home goods shops around an open central courtyard. It look like a Harry Potter scene too! Very nice experience!", December 2018
256,5.0,Walk and shop!,"Nice area to stroll around. Spent a whole day in this area. Found some cute Korean souvenirs to bring home.Grab a lunch here at a homey small restaurant, don't recall the name tho, tasty Korean food.", January 2019
257,4.0,"Souvenirs and Street Food, Oh My!","It likely goes without saying that Insa-dong is a tourist's paradise--but, oddly enough, not really in a bad way. There are loads of inexpensive, cute souvenirs, but if you look around long enough you'll also find genuine quality goods for not too terribly much. Many of the shops sell the same basic souvenirs--bookmarks, chopsticks, small silky bags--so don't worry about shopping around too much. Antiques, ceramics, and paintings can all be found as well, albeit for a higher price point than the 1000 won postcards!", January 2019
258,4.0,Nice craft area of Seoul,Loads of high-quality goods to view and purchase.  The masks were especially well done.  Nice walkable area close to the subway., December 2018
259,5.0,Souvenir paradise,"This is the place for souvenir shopping. A small street that is less crowded than the main markets, there are numerous shops selling souvenirs. There are also little arts and crafts shops. If arts and crafts, you will be in paradise. While there, we ate at the Indian restaurant Nirvana, which was excellent.", January 2019
260,5.0,Best place to go shopping and  street foods.,This place is a walking distance from our hotel and every night I’ve walked around to this street to buy street food. It’s also the street where you can find bargains. There’s also a restaurant on that street that specialize a braised beef ribs that it’s so delicious. We ate at the restaurant 4 times and ordered the same thing all the time., December 2018
261,4.0,Beautiful area of Seoul,A great place to pick up souvenirs and to take pictures. Make sure to check out Ssamzigil for more aunthetic souvenirs and art!, January 2019
262,5.0,Great place,"Fantastic place that is reminiscent of a sleepy mediterranean village. Wonderful shops, museum, galleries, and cafes.", October 2018
263,4.0,Interesting Vibe,"December is peak season, so the streets, food stalls and stores were busy, but still pleasant enough to enjoy.Not as big and exciting as Myeongdong Street, but has its own vibe.Look out for Ddong Bread. Weird but must be tried.", January 2019
264,5.0,Nice shopping ,Nice shopping area where you also can have some food and drinks. We loved our walks through this area., January 2019
265,5.0,Interesting crafts,The kids totally enjoy the craft work at the basement of insadong. Good to have more unusual craftwork there available for kids., December 2018
266,4.0,Nice shopping place,One of the main street shopping places in Seoul. Lots of varieties of shops and many nice souvenir shops, January 2019
267,5.0,Less tourists ,"If you want a quiet place to shop minus the crowd, we find Insadong is a good choice. Also sufficient restaurants around to satisfy your empty stomach too.", January 2019
268,3.0,Limited shopping,"Mostly souvenir shops with restaurants and coffee shops in between. If you’re looking for more shops with a wide variety of merchandise and tax-free goods, better go to Myeongdong.", December 2018
269,3.0,Nothing spectacular ,"An old shopping street with lots of shopping snd street food stall. One place with multi storey open air building is unique and attract lots of youngster to hang around. Lots of artistic work like handicraft , clothing etc..", December 2018
270,4.0,Shopping place for the Korean things,"It is a must visit place if you are in Seoul where you will find all the traditional things of Korea which includes souvenirs, food, clothes, and what not. It is a free walk area with full lighting and you can enjoy the whole atmosphere whether you shop or not. You won’t come empty handed if you are there. Thx", December 2018
271,5.0,Quaint and Charming artsy zone,Cool to explore the art galleries and museums ... street stalls selling handicrafts were really awesome too, December 2018
272,5.0,A magical place,My family and I love Insadong! Check out any little side street and get swept away in to a magical place. Calitacos is a 10/10! Everything was delicious. English speakers as well., October 2018
273,4.0,Quaint shopping area ,Nice tea houses to keep warm in winter months. Lots of knick knacks and arts and crafts to look at and buy. A good place to spend a couple of hours to soak in the artsy side of Seoul., December 2018
274,4.0,"You should explore the little lanes and alley ways and you will find many of these eateries,","We can here on a late morning and took a walk around this area. There are quite a few shops selling art pieces and these are really quite nice. Of course, there are many souvenir shops and eateries, the latter of which you should explore the little lanes and alley ways and you will find many of these eateries, some of which are packed. The mall Ssamzigil is Aldo worth a visit, as it is made up of many stores selling very unique items.", December 2018
275,5.0,Insadong area,"Just walk, don't go by bus. I and my daughter walked about 15 minutes from Myeongdong market, and surprised I saw river garden, wow... its beautiful.", November 2018
276,5.0,So many things to do,"Where to start? So many little shops, tea houses, restaurants to choose from. You can pass half a day there, play in the labyrinth, practice your baseball swing at the batting range, enjoy the free shows on the weekends but don't forget to visit those small streets, so many treasures to be found there.", November 2018
277,3.0,Quaint area,"Insadong is definitely a place of history. Souvenirs are cheapest here and aplenty. However, shops close early around 8-9pm. Ssamziegil is the main point here as the vendors are artists selling things you would not find elsewhere. The poop bread near the entrance tastes great.", November 2018
278,5.0,Lovely place to stroll for culture and arts and a cat cafe to check out too !,"Went to check out the different stores there and the 2Cat Cafe . Lovely , pretty stores and restaurants. Take your time when you are there to check out the lanes as well as u will be surprised what you’ll find", December 2018
279,4.0,INTERESTING SHOPS & RESTAURANTS,This was our second visit to Insadong and it was just as interesting. We enjoyed the art shops in particular and the restaurants. Well worth a stroll., November 2018
280,5.0,Interesting place to purchase souvenirs ,Spent an amazing afternoon roaming the Insadong old street. Many touristy shops but they are a great place to buy pretty souvenirs like pouches and purses in traditional pattern. Many nice tea houses to have afternoon snack. Spent about 3-4 hours here., December 2018
281,4.0,"Plenty of foods. Friday nights are awesome, scenic, lovely, fashionable","Especially on friday nights, this maze of alleys are super-filled with good foods, good drinks, good scenes, and fantastic moments.Lots of visual details. Architectures and interiors are unique and creative.", December 2018
282,4.0,Insadongs' alleys demand a leisurely exploration,"I felt a slower vibe in Insadong. Can't explain why, but meandering its many narrow side streets seemed the right thing to do. Many tourists and locals traverse its main street. I suggest you take the elevator to the top floor of Ssamzeigil Mall and walk down its sloped floors (skip using the stairs). It is fun to watch many male and mostly females walk around in their rented Hanok outfits, feeling like someone else from another time. I think the going rate is about 10,000 Won for 2 hours. There are lots of places to eat here. We thoroughly enjoyed our food choices at Doma, and the manager, Jun Ann, spoke English very well. You will experience the language barrier is South Korea --- but that shouldn't get in the way of having a happy and memorable time here:)", November 2018
283,4.0,Art and Tradition,Insadong has many art galleries where the art is available for purchase. There are also several shops to purchase souvenirs and traditional Korean items. All of the signs are in Korean including Starbucks. Out of the many tourist markets in Seoul this is one of the more traditonal ones., December 2018
284,5.0,Tour trip,Stayed in this area. A nice place full of arts & handicrafts. Lots of good eatery nearby too. Feel free to explore this place, November 2018
285,4.0,Arts alley ,"I like this place, is relaxing and enjoyable to walk along the street and see the art pieces display from the shop. There are some good eatery too.", December 2018
286,4.0,"A lovely place to unwind, shop and eat local food","I always love visiting insadong, easily accessible by train, at the anguk station. I usually have lunch at one of,the small local Restaraunt’s / cafes where food is prepared by grandmothers. There are heaps of cute shops, arts , galleries and food vendors . It is well worth a visit to unwind", December 2018
287,5.0,Unique Insadong,"Insadong is interesting place to go while we’re in Korea. Many unique cafe, hand craft souvenir. If you like unique souvenir, I recommend you to go there.Many store left and right in 1 way. Spare time to enjoy.", November 2018
288,4.0,Classy market area known for pottery,For market shoppers thisis a more contained market area.  a bit quaint and classier than other larger markets. Prices are a little higher and sellers are a bit more aggressive. You can still bargain fora fair price. Very clean. Known for pottery in this market., October 2018
289,4.0,A good place for souvenirs and antiques,"This street is a good place to do some window shopping, find a few antiques, souvenirs and try some local “Dragon hair candy”Just a few steps into the street, if you are entering from the intersection of Insa-dong and Samuel-damero street, you will find a large souvenir shop and the “Paris crossaint” cafeteria; the first is a good place to shop for some arts and craft (prices are negotiable and they can ship worldwide, so ask), and, the cafeteria, is a good place to get some coffee and dessert while you take a break from a day full of visits.Along the street you’ll find all sorts of souvenir shops catering to every taste you might have.Strollers and wheelchairs will have no problem moving trough the area.", October 2018
290,4.0,Our go-to place,"This is our go-to place when we don't want to wander far from our hotel. Although commercialized, a handful of old souvenir shops and traditional tea houses remain. Lots of restaurants to enjoy Korean feast.", November 2018
291,4.0,Sure you will love it,Must visit place .. a nice long street with handicrafts local product and fashion. Amazing shops and local food restaurant., November 2018
292,5.0,great street to shop in or just look,This street has a great selection of traditional Korean products. They were very interesting to see and good quality at reasonable prices., November 2018
293,5.0,Quaint area,"A must visit once area in Seoul , where the old meets the new . Quaint teahouses and traditional eating places go hand in hand  with modern bars and fast food joints , along with small boutiques selling designer wear , accessories , artifacts and souvenirs.", November 2018
294,5.0,Fun and enjoyed watching people,Loved the area.  A stroll of old and new.  Great for inexpensive shopping.  Linas is there for coffee and pastries., November 2018
295,5.0,Fun shops and restaurants,"this is a great part of town with something for everyone. all sorts of shops, cafes and restaurants. we had lunch here, among 250 different places to choose from. looks like they all serve about the same thing, but I'd recommend walking down a smaller, less traveled alley and go", November 2018
296,4.0,food alley,"this is a busy food alley with many small restaurants that are busy for lunch and dinner, but otherwise rather deserted.", November 2018
297,5.0,"Charming area with antique shops, art galleries and more","Insadong is a charming area to spend a couple of hours. The Main Street is insadong - Gil and there are interesting side streets. There are antique shops, art galleries, stationery and art supply stores, pottery, boutiques, resturants and tea houses.  Several boutiques I visited", October 2018
298,5.0,Relaxed Shopping,"A short walk from the Gyeongbokgung Palace. This street is a nice introduction to Korean art and crafts, souvenirs and food.  The pace is relaxed and friendly. There are many street food vendors and there was street entertainment with music and customs.  ", November 2018
299,5.0,Korean Traditional Place,Many shop and food have been changed to modern style but still you can find Korean special style. 아무래도 한국의 서울의 대표명소이다 보니 외국인들의 방문도 많아지고 따라서 여기저기 손질이 되곤 하지만 낡음은 줄어드는만큼 청결해지고 다양해지고 개방형으로 또 개성있는 곳으로 다른 변화를 거듭해가는 듯하다. 그래도 도시에서 잊혀지는 작은 골목길 속의 다양한 풍경은 마음을 끈다. 음식이 조금 비싼 것이 흠이긴 하지만 그런, October 2018
