,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,A must hike,"The hike was quite easy even if you're not much fit (but you will need to stop dozen times aling the way). The scenery was great, you can observe the Namsan Tower from far, the Bukhansan Mountain, the Blue House. Start off from  Gyeongbukgong station, take bus 7020/1020/7022 to", December 2019
1,5.0,Good workout!,"I didn't find this in a must-visit list, but since I was 3 weeks in Seoul I decided to explore it. Google it, and you can get information from travelers who'd been there, including which subway exit, and very detailed directions to start your climb. There's an amazing almost 360", November 2019
2,5.0,Iwangsan Hike,A great hike and not too difficult. We took The Fortress Trail as well from close to the top of Iwangsan. To get there take the train to Dongnimmun and then take the Muak-dong exit. Just follow the road uphill until you see the Iwangsan trail sign., November 2019
3,5.0,The Perfect Hike in Seoul,"This is the best hike you can do in Seoul. The hike is mild challenging and it will only take 2-3 hours to complete both ascend and descend. If you’re fit, you can complete it quickly. For me, weighing at 108kg, I managed to reach the top regardless. Bring 1 liter of water and", October 2019
4,5.0,Fantastic hike,Fantastic hike with stunning views in all directions. There are rest points at a few places. Do not advise if have knee or back problems as can be steep on places. But if get to the top... well worth it. , June 2019
5,5.0,Pretty fun and intense hike ,I hike a lot and found this a mild challenge. Lots of elevation as the entire thing is up stairs with each step and same on the way back. Bring a at least 1 L water per person on a hot day if you plan to do the whole ridge. You can see how far Seoul expands in all directions. , June 2019
6,5.0,Impressive mountain hike within the city boundaries,"If you don't want to take on the more challenging Mount Bukhansan, Ingwansan Mountain is a great alternative. But be warned, it's still a serious workout! I took plenty of rest breaks on the way up.The hike to the top and back down can be achieved in 2 to 2 1/2 hours, even if", May 2019
7,3.0,Confusing trails... Nice view of Seoul,"The trails are poorly marked. It took us quite a while to find the trail head and even after we got to the trails, we couldn't find out way to the top and.... at one point, we walked into an area that's locked.... I still have no idea how did that happen.  Anyhow, we think we", February 2019
8,5.0,"Awesome climb, beautiful autumn flowers","Inwangsan was a great walk - we headed up from Dongnimmun, past Seonbawi and then connected to the City Wall and followed it back down. Beautiful flowers by the wall on the way back down with panoramic views stretching from the Blue House, over Gyeongbokgung to N Seoul Tower. We", September 2018
9,4.0,A steep walk but your reward is great views,"If it is summer, come here as early as possible. It is a steep and sweaty hike up from the metro station. You will pass some shaman shrines, the guide advised against taking photos of the shrines to show respect. One idea is to come here early and visit the prison afterwards.", August 2018
10,5.0,Climbing along the wall. Great sunset. Escape before the night.,"Amazing mountain climbing along Seoul City Walls. Be careful for each step.  - Starting from the west (near Muakjae Station or Sajik Park) is recommended for an easy ending(near Changeuimun Gate). - Obviously, this is an easy mountain comparing to others in Seoul. But, still", October 2018
11,5.0,The Perfect Hike,"If you adore cities, you need to appreciate them from different angles. Seoul is blessed with an array of small mountains and towers; one has no excuse to see multiple on a trip. I would rate the views from Inwangsan above both Naksan Park and Namsan Tower due to the following: ", September 2018
12,5.0,Hiking inside the capital city,"Seoul is really hot on summer so we decided to go on hiking since Korean mountains are not that high, especially those in Seoul. It’s easy to access because it is located near the Gyeongbok Palace. The mountain itself is not that high, only 300 meters high, but still has a", July 2018
13,5.0,Mountain in Seoul,The location is just 10 minutes walk from famous Gyeongbokgung palace. It only takes aroung 1 hour 40 minutes to finush the course with the normal speed. Really recomnended for beginner hikers., July 2018
14,4.0,Hike the Trip,"I was marveled by mixed review and I have to say, really..to each their own. So when I receive a last minute prompt from Airbnb of joining their small group tour, guided by Sam an Airbnb Marketeer as well; I dived into it.  The walk begin well but got really tedious due to", March 2018
15,5.0,Hiking half day,"Amazing way to get away from the city even though you are still in Seoul. Thus, it was originally built to protect the city, so it's very cultural! A must go place if you're in Seoul!", April 2018
16,4.0,Mist and cloudy winter morning view,"There are many trails to go to the top of the mountain. There are many stairs at the beginning of the climb, but as you progress, the journey will become harder as the trail can be quite steep. Nice workout!! I sweated all over although i hiked it during the winter. In winter,", December 2017
17,4.0,Relatively easy hike with great views of Seoul,"This is a hike that involves climbing a lot of steps and stairs up to the top.  There is a small section, closer to the top, that is steeper and requires a bit more care, but all in all, this hike can be done in less than an hour to reach the summit.  It is impossible to get", November 2017
18,4.0,For all hike levels!,This was fun! You can get great views and good exercise without going to the highest summit. We went as high as we would then found lots of other paths to explore. There are many ways to access this mountain- from steps to paved paths. It was enjoyable and gave us views we’d not, October 2017
19,4.0,Beautiful view of the city and fortress wall,"We read about this amazing hike online and decided to give it a try, as the difficulty level reviewed was ""extremely easy with stairs and marked trail"". As such we went totally unprepared and our mum followed as well. The ascending part was easy with proper stairs but the", August 2017
20,5.0,"A must do, for the views","A walk up the mountain, took us 3-4 hours, including rest stops. The incline, which is steep in places, has crude steps that has been cut out of the granite rocks. Nearer the top, a rope handrail is in place to assist at the steep sections that run close by the old city walls.", July 2017
21,5.0,An alternative view of the city,"Inwangsan Mountain is a fairly accessible hike which gives you amazing views of the city. There's no cost in entering the hiking trails, and is fairly safe to climb solo.   My friend and I took an early morning ride (around 5am) to Gyeongbokgung and figured our way up to", November 2016
22,5.0,"Good hike, great views, near subway","No car required: this steep but scenic hike with views over the whole city is very close to Line 3's Dongnimun station. Finding the trailhead is a little tricky. Look for staircases due east of the station, walking between the two station exits on the east side of the road", February 2017
23,5.0,Great for Beginner Hikers,"Coming from Sinchon, this mountain is less than half an hour away by bus. I'm a beginner hiker, hike was relatively easy with a few stops to rest for a bit. Took around 2.5 hours to get to the peak and back, but that really depends on how many stops you take for rest or", April 2017
24,5.0,A must-do!,"I was looking to get out of the city-scape a little and fortunately was staying <1 mile away from Inwangsan! Who knew this little hill (let's be honest, it's not a mountain) was so accessible and had such a fantastic view?? I walked from my hotel near Gwanghwamun, but you could", April 2017
25,5.0,Picturesque view on the mountains,"The view from the mountain is really thrilling, though it's very difficult to climb on it. But it's worth it", December 2016
26,4.0,Exploring the beauty of Seoul with an astonishing view over Seoul,"Arriving in Dongnimun, we, my best friend and I found stairs at the left side of the entry. Following the stairs, a small shrine and temple, as well as big stones to pray to appeared. We followed the pathway and with some luck we found ourselves to be at the Namsan wall. We then", November 2016
27,4.0,Beautiful tracking,Here is one of the mountain where you may enjoy the view of Seoul city. By the way there is two temples and holy rock where the prayers are always avaliable. Be ready to climb high up!, September 2016
28,4.0,Great view. ,Walked up here today. Great view up by the wall. Not sure if I took the best track. Got off metro at Muakjae. Take exit 1 or 2. Narrow street off to the right goes past apartment blocks and the water authority building then on to a track. Came down a different way about 700m, September 2016
29,5.0,Great Place to see Central Seoul,"350m high, 4km long, well maintained and safe  hiking course to see President House, Old Palaces and core of Seoul.  Walk along with castle and see all around of Seoul.  It is beautiful Seoul.  Near this mountain, many famous testaurants.  Walking with children is no problem. ", September 2016
30,5.0,a scenic hike along the great wall in seoul,"it's great to climb a mountain in the heart of the city, short walk (2 - 5 hours depends on which route u pick), great view, but make sure u know how to get there by bus. two idiots jumped onto a cab and the driver didn't understand english, at all. we used google map google", April 2016
31,4.0,seoul from above,"If you have a couple of hours to spare and want to get away from the business of the big city the inwangsan hiking is the answer. It's more a stroll than a hike, but it's extremely pleasant. Hundreds of steps chiselled out from the rocks to make it very approachable to all. The", June 2016
32,5.0,Inwangsan Mountain,"A very beautiful place! I (16 y/o) did the trip with my father and a friend of his with his nephew. A great place to do mountain climbing, enjoy nature and talk. We started at the bottom and went up, meeting many people relaxing at different stages of the mountain. From the top", June 2016
33,4.0,two different attractions,"Actually, there are two different hills which are quite different, the western side ""Inwangsan"" is not so strictly contolled, althought there are some polices visible, I think you can access that any day you wish, since there are no gates etc. The western side Bugaksan is", January 2016
34,5.0,Nice hike with beautiful view of Seoul,"The day I planned to climb Bukhansan Mountain, it was closed to public so I decided to climb Inwangsan instead, which was of no regrets. The climb up was a bit tricky as there were many routes up. Please remember to wear hiking shoes and proper hiking clothes as the climb would", November 2015
35,4.0,Great spot to see city of Seoul,"Put your sneakers on and get ready for hiking if you put Inwangsan Mountain on your list. You need to walk a quite steep path, and climb up. Before you climb to the peak, you'll pass Seonbawi Rock and the Inwangsan temple. To find the way is a bit tricky. I wasn't sure whether I", October 2015
36,3.0,"Nice view, shame you cant take pictures of it :(","This attraction was hard to find and follow due to many of the signs on the track being in Korean only.  I was very let down by all the ""No Photos of the view"" signs at the top as well as the Police / military watch towers.  I went there for the view!  Take lots of water and a", September 2015
37,5.0,Most breathtaking view of Seoul,"I've been to most of the hills and mountains in and around Seoul, but Inwangsan offers without a doubt the most breathtaking view of the city. The mountain in high enough, close enough to the city, and is rocky at the top, meaning that you won't have trees in the way when gazing", September 2015
38,3.0,Nice getaway from the city,"The hike up Inwangsan is a nice way out of the city for a few hours.  There are some awesome views of the city and the defensive wall makes an interesting contrast with the modern towers of Seoul.  It has some steep sections, but it is definitely a part of the capital that is", April 2015
39,3.0,Closed on Mondays,"You get nice views of the city.  There are a few shrines along the path and a big rock in the shape of a praying Buddha.  To the east, across the city wall, is the presidential Blue House.  The area on the east side of the city wall is closed on Mondays and you have to be on the", November 2014
40,4.0,Great Views of Seoul,We started at Dongnimmun station.  Go out exit two and head straight to the first street.  At first street take a left and follow it up through the buildings/apartment complex to the trail head.  You will be going uphill.  As you get closer it will get steeper and there will be, August 2014
41,5.0,Great hike along a spiritual trail,"Great views of Seoul alongside dozens of temples and shrines where shamanists perform their exorcism. You'll get the daily exercise and your spiritual fix at the same time. You start and end at Donninmum station, but you can choose to ascend and descend the mountain on different", July 2014
42,5.0,Recommended when in Seoul,"A not overly demanding hike that will give you stunning views over Seoul, nature and interesting sights.  Beautiful mountain with well maintained trails right in the heart of Seoul.  Get off the metro and within minutes you are in pine woods.  We started the walk from Dongnimmun", June 2014
43,4.0,Seoul - Shamanist shrine & Buddhist temples walk,"This uphill walk is steep but really rewarding and a great way to get away from the busy city of Seoul - if only for a few hours.  You will see Buddhist temples, a shamanist shrine, and enjoy a great view. Take subway Line 3 to Dongnimmun station - leave by Exit 2 and turn down", July 2013
44,4.0,Early morning hike,"It was a lovely early morning hike with no disturbances and good views of Seoul. There isn't that much to explore but the fact that it's quiet, very easy to get to from the subway, and gives you a fair workout all put it higher in my esteem.", August 2013
45,4.0,Mt Inwangsan - good walking trail,"In Korea, people love & enjoy their hikes. There are many walking trails around Seoul. This is one of them..  How to get there: I was starting from Itaewon subway station (Line 6) to Yaksu station and changed to Line 3 to Dongnimmun station. Came out at exit 2, following signs", May 2013
46,4.0,Mount Inwangsan & the Fortress Walk,"If you are dying to get some hiking on your vacation in Seoul, a hike up Mt Inwangsan provides you just that.  The route is actually a section of the Fortress Walk. From the top of Mt Inwangsan you can see Gyeongbokgung palace, etc below. You can start by getting off at", May 2013
47,5.0,Seoul's best kept secret!,Inwangsan is truly a treasure in Seoul! The hike itself is relatively easy at a little over 300 meters and the sites are truly rewarding. One of the few places with authentic Korean shaman spirituality!  While hiking I could hear chanting and some unique Buddhist temples. Worth, October 2012
