,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,This place is amazing for some and terrible for others,"I stayed in Itaewon at the Hamilton Hotel for two weeks and have really mixed opinions on it. I'll separate it to make more sense.  Positives - a good destination, the subway station is right next to the biggest hotel here.  - the people in itaewon are about 60-70% foreigners,", August 2019
1,3.0,Suited for some,"In terms of neighbourhood Itaewon neighbourhood is like some London’s Zone 4 and beyond. Metro is on Line 6 so you need connections to get to the more popular Lines 1, 2 and 4 destinations.   So Itaewon has the basic offerings but the market is not like Namdaemoon, the", December 2019
2,4.0,An evening out...,Great neighborhood for an evening out and when you feel you’d like a drink and meeting a place where locals and foreigners mix at ease. Many bars to chose from and generally an easy going atmosphere. Worth a visit!, November 2019
3,5.0,Cool Neighborhood,"Great area, lots of activity and great walking streets. Lots of food options. Safe and clean as is typical in Seoul.", November 2019
4,5.0,i love the location! very convinient,many Muslims food. awesome! the subway are so closed to my hotel I stayed. Hamilton Hotel. The people are so friendly., April 2019
5,5.0,So nice street,"It's a a very nice please and its shops and restaurant with cafe You can spend 5 , 6 hours And you can buy to many thing", October 2019
6,4.0,Good Old ....Itaewon !?!?,Perhaps it just me.  Perhaps  today was a Debbie downer in the area.  Perhaps the day of the week wasn't right.  Perhaps the coin showed Heads instead of tails.   Or ... really... perhaps gentrification is starting to set in.   It appears to be more of the last one.   Went to, October 2019
7,4.0,Hopping area of Seoul!,"Had never had a chance to visit Itaewon until recent visit to Seoul.  Packed with shops, restaurants, pubs, and massage, this seems to be the energy center of Seoul.  Fun place to walk around, enjoy a drink and watch people!", July 2019
8,2.0,3 night stay in Itaewon,"I have worked in South Korea for 10 years and visited Seoul and in particular Itaewon on a few occasions, for relaxing, shopping, food and nightlife. Each time has been a great experience across the board, however these past few days the experience was much less so.  Hotel: ", October 2019
9,5.0,Great place,"Lots to do, walk the streets and window shop. Then find a quaint place and cool off with a drink and some food. We walked up a small hill and found the Thirsty Monk. Reasonable prices, good service, food and drinks! Excellent view of street below!", September 2019
10,4.0,"A strip of bars, but a good standard of bars","I was quite impressed with this neighbourhood because it had all the makings of a seedy area, but it was lit as far as I could tell. Good bars, high end restaurants, safe atmosphere - yeah, well worth a pub crawl down here again! ", September 2019
11,5.0,Muslim friendly,"Itaewon has many halal restaurants and foods... not far from itaewon subway station, you can see line cafe & store. Cute place and many photo spots in here. You should go!", September 2019
12,5.0,Suites from Benjamin since 2001,"I have bought shirts, suites, jackets, coats etc from Mercury Tailer since 2001. Can give highest recommendation.   Geir Bjørkeli ", September 2019
13,5.0,Live all day,"The area is almost always awake. In the morning you can go shopping and at night you can enjoy one of the many available bars, clubs, and restaurants in the area. It was interesting to see almost everyone communicating in English here.", September 2019
14,5.0,Fun to be,"Itaewon is a great area fo meet a lot of foreigner in Seoul. You can party everywhere and eat food from around the world. But its not the ""Seoul"" you wanna visit for culture haha", October 2018
15,5.0,Eating place of Seoul ,This place offers a variety of places to eat from with different cuisines. The streets at night are vibey and with a lot more variety of ethnicity which I loved because my home town I see different kinds of people and after 1 week of seeing one kind of race it was REALLY so nice, June 2019
16,5.0,Energetic and alive night life area,"Bars and good music, I was there with a business friend to have a beer and we found this area great for young night life with bars and restaurant. If you want to feel Seoul young night life you must go there.   Surly I’ll return.", June 2019
17,3.0,Holiday ,"We visited this place at night. This area is for the young. Bars, clubs, restaurants,Karaoke and dance venues. The music is deafening and the crowds of young people in the back alleys are beyond belief. Not much different to other cities of the world to areas that attract young", June 2019
18,2.0,Unremarkable.,"Itaewon does have lively nightlife going for it, but it's not really distinguishable from any other western downtown. The food is fine, and pricey and underwhelming compared other parts of Seoul. During the day, it's fairly slow and skippable. Go if you want to get wasted, wade", June 2019
19,4.0,Take the back alleys,The best restaurants and pubs are in the back alleys behind the Hamilton hotel.  Our favorite was a seafood restaurant named Boiling Shrimp Crab on the third floor.  Excellent cajun style seafood., May 2019
20,2.0,Fly for the Big Guy,"Itaewon has some great eats and would be the most popular place with foreigners. A massive US Military base is there so this is one of the only places to go in Korea for a big guy in search of clothes that fit. (T-Shirts, Tank Tops, Jeans etc.) There are a lot of bars and clubs", May 2018
21,3.0,Itaewon - Multi nationalism in Seoul,"Itaewon is known for serving cuisine that are not widely available in Korea, such as those from India, Pakistan, Turkey, Southeast Asia, Britain, Germany, Italy, France, Portugal, Spain and Mexico. It's known as ""Western Town,"" reminiscent of cowboy towns in Western nations.", December 2018
22,5.0,Muslim Centre Of Seoul,They have a Mosque and muslim centre there. A lot of muslim and halal food. Its very convenient for those who choose to know about Korean Muslim culture., April 2018
23,3.0,I think it was better...,...back in the day.  That day would be when it was mostly a destination for American GIs.  I guess Itaewon is now kind of an international area with lots overpriced foreign restaurants.  Seems to have a large Middle Eastern presence.   I walked around a bit reminiscing about the, February 2019
24,5.0,International food galore!,It's an international food galore! Its a very hilly area to stroll but really worth the climb. Lots of halal restaurant too. Nice experience overall., December 2018
25,2.0,Mosque and halal food,"I went to Itaewon because many Malaysian travellers recommended this place for the mosque and halal food and because I wanted to try Plant Cafe. The mosque was great - it's located uphill and you can get a view of Seoul from there. However, Itaewon feels and look tacky.", January 2019
26,5.0,"An area with less judgement, more international and the fun is a plus","This is the only area in Korea that the crow are less judgemental towards different race, sexual orientation, or religion. The area attracts all sort of different locals, tourists and expat crowd.", January 2019
27,3.0,Strolling around,Was told this place has good bargains... yes I agree but mostly clothing. Timberland along the main road though is worth visiting for their sale items and maybe a few local restaurants..  you need a translator to enjoy because only a few speak English., November 2018
28,4.0,이태원으로,"There is one famous town named ‘Itaewon’ in the center of Seoul, the capital city of South Korea. This time, I want to recommend one Kebab restaurant in front of Itaewon station. The name of restaurant was ‘Ankara’. So I firstly thought that the capital city of Turkey is Ankara", October 2018
29,3.0,Good area for craft beer,"We visited Itaewon to drink Korean craft beer. We went to Booth and Magpie, both were great. An interesting part of the city.", October 2018
30,5.0,put it on your visit list,"this street along with the area around it is almost international place in Seoul. plenty of small shops for clothes Korean souvenirs  that you can buy ( insure to negotiate about the price). also a lot of restaurants are there especially Arabian, Turkish restaurants. also, I", October 2018
31,4.0,Still the international street,"This was the street beloved by US military personnel and their families. Now, most of them have moved to Pyeongtaek and this street is much less crowded. But, still many foreign residents visit here and there are various international shops and restaurants.  It's good to visit", November 2017
32,4.0,Food Fest,I’m not sure if the food stalls is a staple here but it was an awesome atmosphere. Lots of people with great food. The aroma will surely make you hungry , October 2018
33,3.0,It’s ~~ okay,"So I am a Brit who lives in Korea and have been to Itaewon twice. As a place to go shopping it’s great, particularly if you’re a foreigner as they have many shops that cater to taller/larger people and have lots of souvenir shops. It’s so hard to find postcards in Korea but", October 2018
34,5.0,Subhanallah,"I prayed at Friday Shalat October 5 yesterday. Even though rainy days, jamaah fill the mosque. Imam’s say about Al Ikhlas surah. It’s touching my heart. Subhanallah. Thank you for sympathy for the earthquake in Lombok and Palu, Indonesia", October 2018
35,3.0,Not what it was,Used to have great shopping from numerous small shops selling everything.   Now some shops but nothing special.   A fair amount of bars and restaurants with great selection of food and drink.   We did not feel it was worth the effort to visit but did have a great lunch., October 2018
36,4.0,Best Cheese Pizza Ever,Popularly known as expat area. You can find variety of shops and restaurants serving cuisines from all around the world. Vibrant nightlife. Local Korean brands shopping.  It was difficult to get a taxi back to hotel on Saturday night. For cheese pizza lovers i  highly recommend, July 2018
37,4.0,It's all about the partying!,I'm not into Itaewon a lot because it's mostly for people who love to party. This is where pub crawls usually happens and the like. One thing I like tho is that this place is near the War Museum of Korea. I should explore this place a lot more when I come back. ;), April 2018
38,3.0,"While it has plenty of bars opened at night, halal food are easy to find too","This area has more foreigners than other part of Seoul does. Many are selling halal food such us Middle Eastern, Indonesian, or Malay food, but there is also one or two restaurant selling halal Korean food (I recommend you going to Eid for halal bulgogi). There are also some", June 2018
39,5.0,city under the night sun,"i liked the sleepless nights there..24 hour walking street, so free of people all around the world. if you want a place that really want to feel at home and people friendly around,find it here", September 2017
40,5.0,A true mix of locals and internationals,"This is probably the only area in Korea that is truly international and also friendly towards all sorts of people. Locals and internationals, straight and LGBT people get along. The area has a variety of food nightlife scene. A must go on the weekends!", August 2018
41,5.0,Foreigner Central,"The locals call Itaewon ""foreigner central"". You can experience the whole world in this one area. Nightlife here is often considered the best in Korea, but also the most rough. ", August 2018
42,5.0,VERY CLEAN!,I absolutely loved walking the streets here.  They were so clean and everyone was so welcoming.  We walked during the morning and the night time.  The streets are lined with great establishments and eateries., July 2018
43,3.0,"A place to get western things, enjoy western dining","Good shops for getting what you miss from back home - wherever back home may be. Grocery stores, size appropriate clothing shops, restaurants, night clubs. ", July 2018
44,3.0,Not much happening when we were there ,First visited 2 years ago with friends and saw different parts in the evening. There are many interesting shops and once we had some beer at an independent brewery and another time we had ice cream in a Turkish cafe. This time when we returned at midday it seemed quiet and, June 2018
45,5.0,International,"People of different nationality coming together, to live, to make a living or just visiting. More international restaurant here then Korean. Be prepared to walking along sloppy roads. Image in the day and night is huge.", June 2018
46,4.0,Lots of bars and restaurants. Very lively area,"Party area of Seoul. Long road of bars and restaurants. Busy. Lively. Bright lights. A place for locals, tourists and off duty US soldiers to have some food and drink. Good place to go for some night life", May 2018
47,5.0,Good for clubbing and nightlife,"Itaewon is good for clubbing,nightlife and shopping. Foreign mart is there where you can buy grocery items which you will not find anywhere else. Also can do shopping roadside shops.", May 2018
48,5.0,Worth visit!,"Itaewon is a great place to visit, especially for muslim family, as Mosque and halal restaurant is all around there. Recommended👍🏻", May 2018
49,2.0,Not the best part of Seoul,"I have been dragged to Itaewon a couple of times and for me, it's not very interesting. It looks/feels tacky and it is quite an average part of Seoul, I don't understand the hype here. There are much better places in Seoul to eat and spend your money.  Many people are saying it", December 2017
50,1.0,Lounge bar called Awesome,This lounge bar might be changing names- its a big NO.Rip off for tourists- menu and all is in Korean so later on they charge you super high prices they want. They served us a bottle of Australian wine (which is usally an average wine) and charged us 149 US $! After we asked, May 2018
51,4.0,Various culture are mixed on this place,"Muslim temples and US military units are in close proximity, and there are a variety of restaurants and tourists from all over the world as well as Muslims and US troops. Embassies of various countries are gathered and are expected to provide convenience to tourists. Access to", April 2018
52,5.0,Excellent Night Out,"Most of the people have already shared the location, ie behind the hotel- Its easily found out once you reach there.  Various watering holes available on various price points. some would try and restrict to create artificial scarcity, some would welcome.  my suggestion try and", October 2017
53,4.0,Good ,The area is good for food and drink and night life everything is open for late .. too many restaurants and different cuisines.. Hala food and fast food .. and it have tooo many night clubs , April 2018
54,5.0,What a great time,I have visited Itaewon numerous times with my family.  It is a family friendly area as long as your stay close to the main road.  I recommend to any and all expats to come to Itaewon. , March 2018
55,4.0,Place to go out,"Basically a place to hang out at night, lot of bars, clubs, and restaurant. Bunch of people from everywhere. A bit dirty at night but you know, that’s a place for “partying” or to come and visit before 23. But it’s safe and nobody is rude.  Definitely can feel the Seoul crazy", February 2018
56,4.0,Lots of halal restaurants,"For Muslims, halal food is necessary. So, Ittaewon is a good place to find halal food, and the price was affordable. There is a mosque where you can take your time to perform your prayers.", February 2018
57,5.0,A mini UN area.,Itaewon is truly a mesh and mixture of people from everywhere.  The streets are alive with cadences of world languages and smells fill the air from restaurants serving foods from all over the world.  The weekends are wall to wall bar hoppers and party people.  A must see when in, October 2017
58,4.0,Moslem Area,"there is a huge mosque in itaewon or people called it Seoul Central Mosque... this area is filled with Moslem people from around the world, so you can easily find halal food here.. there is also a store that sell stuff or food ingredients from all over the world, it's very", January 2018
59,5.0,Good for muslim,Easy to get muslim guesthouse and near from mosque also have many delicious halal food restaurant in the town ., September 2017
60,5.0,Foodie paradise,So very many restaurant hidden in the backroads and alleys. Plus on the street kiosks to buy souvenirs, January 2018
61,4.0,OFWs’,I must say this place is where you can see a lot of coloured people of different race. A place where you can see the Korean Memorial War Park and home of the famous Hamilton Hotel., January 2018
62,5.0,Halal food galore,"If you're a muslim and particular of food served being halal, then Itaewon is the place to stay or go in seoul.  Varieties of halal food restaurant could be found.  ", December 2017
63,4.0,Free and easy,"Very Cosmopolitian. Friendly people everywhere, food was so good, all things you can find here, Bathhouse was special, nightlife is a must .  Overall a Ist visit place. ", December 2017
64,5.0,Great Place To Find Halal Food,"We went here simply because we went to get our lunch as we were told that there were lots of halal diners. True indeed, you can easily spot halal kebabs everywhere from The Sultan Kebabs up to any other small shops selling the same thing. We did have our lunch in one of the", December 2017
65,2.0,Did I miss the fun part?,Not much to do here. Don't go out of your way to come here if you're in Seoul for a week. Lots of bootleg brand names at not very cheap prices. The restaurants around here come in all-sorts of cuisines - albeit culturally mish-mashed and maybe trying a bit too hard without, August 2017
66,5.0,English Speaking Shop Owners + Interesting Shopping/ Restaurants,"Itaewon is close to former/ existing US army Headquarter. Most shop owners/ keepers command good English for this reason. Itaewon has variety of restaurants + interesting shopping areas, socks, shoes, cloths, leather garments, goods, souvenier, hats, caps, scarves, jewellery,", December 2017
67,3.0,Only place in Seoul with international flavor,"If you are looking for international restaurants, bars and nightlife then Iteawon is the place you want to be. There are plenty of different ethnic restaurants around this area then any part of Seoul.  A happening bar/lounge place is called ""Prost"". Good place to eat is called", November 2017
68,3.0,Easy to find halal food,"Not exactly my favorite place, I found it to be a little more on the dirty side compared to other places in Seoul. This is where Seoul Central Masjid is located also this neighborhood is famous for having numbers of halal restaurant, a must visit for Muslims.", August 2017
69,3.0,Skip this place if shopping is your main interest or if you don't have time...........,"This place is full of bars, local & international cafes & restaurants.  Every corner you turn, rows & rows of such F&B outlets catches your attention. In fact, there are more  F& B than products shops.   Noticeably there are also more Westerners ( saw quite a number of military", November 2017
70,3.0,Nightlife,"Go here for the nightlife. Lots of restaurants and bars so expect loud music, cigarettes, booze, etc. Lots of shops too.", October 2017
71,4.0,Foreigner friendly neighborhood,"Great for shopping, exploring, and eating during the day.  Also good eating and drinking at night. Whether you are searching for souvenirs or a craft beer you can find it in Itaewon. No need for a paid tour-- just wander around and enjoy the sights and smells.", October 2017
72,5.0,Great Seoul nightlife at reasonable prices........,"I've been coming to Seoul for well over ten years and can remember Itaewon as a rather sleazy area, frequented mainly by GI's given it's proximity to the US Army base at that time. Since the Americans moved out of the city, the area has seen massive development and now hosts a", October 2017
73,4.0,Wine and dine,International area for dining and wining. Plenty of bars and restaurants - mid and high end. Lots of small shops as well to do some shopping especially on day time. Most known at night as party place. One visit is not enough to enjoy the area. Explore the vicinity and try those, October 2017
74,5.0,Lovely neighbourhood,We spent few hours around the neighbourhood and bought few things that we were aiming for. The area is really nice with a lot of nice and full of character cafe / restaurant. There is a LINE friend shop which the children are really enjoying doing some shopping., October 2017
75,5.0,Best night life area in Seoul,"This is the best place to go out and party in Seoul. I really love this hood, it has a  great atmosphere and you can find any type of bar in here. This is also the area where all foreigners go for drinks. You can drink on the street. I would suggest to hit B1 Club, Bliss,", September 2017
76,4.0,not Recommended,"It is one of Famous  district in Seoul  with many International restaurants  ,Cafes,bars  and Shops.This area is slightly nice .However, it is not safe at night  because  it will be  full with hookers .Also,this place have some Halal restaurants and Islamic Culture.   I didn't", September 2017
77,3.0,"Recommended below 40 year old, maybe less ...","To enjoy this place you need energy, and some money . I would have liked much more at the time I went to Rimini, or Fengirola and Torre Molinos ( I was 20 and 24 ... ). Very young population around and the style is ... drink, have fun, shop something just to fill up the time,", September 2017
78,1.0,Tackiest part of Seoul,"Imagine a place with the most obnoxious and loud tourists (and some other, equally unpleasant 'locals') , tacky aesthetics, ridiculously overpriced restaurants and you get Itaewon. Even the air manages to be smellier and more polluted than in other parts of Seoul. If you're", August 2017
79,5.0,Our Summer 2016,"It was after 4 yrs we went to Seoul since December 2012. My husband, myself and our 4 yrs 7 mths old daughter stayed in myeongdong area for a week where it can easily go by exit 4. It was a walking distance to namdaemun and not far by taxi to itaewon and dongdaemun. We having", September 2016
80,3.0,Foreigner town,"You know when your here as you will be surrounded by cafes and foreign restaurants.   Incredibly boring during the day though you can get a good lunch at many different places, the evening is when this place livens up.  If you want to experience Korea or actually have a", July 2017
81,5.0,Many shops and bars,"Itawon is a touristy or expat area in Seoul but is still worth a visit. There are many souvenir and craft shops. In the back alleys there are many bars frequented by tourists, expats and locals alike. There are also a number of clubs for later in the evening if that's your", July 2017
82,5.0,Not only bars and clubs,"This is the place where you can find a different type of local, it's expatiate area. There are plenty of bars, clubs and restaurants for any taste and any cuisine. And I guess this is the beloved place for all Korean expats. Apart from that it's a very beautiful area with lots", April 2017
83,3.0,"Ok, if you must","I have been here many times in the past myself to pick up cheap knock-offs...but with so many places to shop these days, there is no particular reason to go to Itaewon. The one exception is that this is a unique place. The foreigners here will outnumber Koreans. There are some", July 2017
84,3.0,Just an area where all the expats gathered....,"Lots of different international shops and restaurants , night clubs/bars in the area ...If you are looking for some happy hours drinking and stuff probably are good place to hang out in the evening hours and night time.   During the day just another shopping street...But I", June 2017
85,5.0,Tourists place every tourist should come,"For me, I'd come here mainly for food. There're shops everywhere just like anywhere else, but restaurants here have more variety. They seems to be more English friendly than restaurants in other parts of the city.", July 2017
86,3.0,Nice area but...,"I understand this is a tourist/expat area but it is also very much known as an international area in terms of culture and food.  That is often a great combination in my experience.  Unfortunately, in Itaewon many(not all of course) of the expats seem to really dumb down the area", June 2017
87,3.0,Seoul Itaewon (Itaewon main and direct side roads),"Itaewon main road including direct side roads has many shops and offers food from all over the world. Bars, Lounges, Clubs and Pubs are available to get you a nice evening. The area is always busy and crowded. Especially on the weekends. Itaewon main road is not Korea from the", June 2017
88,4.0,Touristy ,A nice spot for tourists to see a variety of Korean culture. Many vendors speak English. Lots to eat with reasonable prices., June 2017
89,4.0,Relaxed atmosphere,"If you want to enjoy summer breeze, a nice walk in a relaxed atmosphere and try food from around the world, this is the place to go.", May 2017
90,4.0,Tourists as far as the eye can see,"Itaewon is sometimes known as the city where there are more tourists and foreigners than actual Koreans, and I think it's because this place had a military base in the past (Not sure if it's still around now!). If you want to experience the night life in Seoul, this is probably", June 2017
91,3.0,One day visit to Itaewon,It was a casual visit to this place and was very exciting and memorable visit. Main street was fully crowded with people from different countries and culture. A different experience., July 2016
92,5.0,Good place for shopping,Good tourist street full of tourists and shops. You can find many things and also international food here, May 2017
93,4.0,Halal Korean Food,"A place to get delicious Halal certified Korean Food. Visit the Mosque. To get to all those location, you have to hike a little bit.", May 2017
94,4.0,Great ex-pat friendly neighbourhood,This is a great neighbourhood to go explore for food and drink. The main street is abuzz with pubs and restaurants but we particularly liked the side streets and back lanes where it was quiet and filled with hidden cafes and intimate diners. The residential areas are also really, June 2016
95,5.0,Food heaven,"Although there are Korean restaurants in Itaewon, most people go to Itaewon for food other than Korean. And there is everything from Bulgarian, Chinese, Japanese, South African, French, Italian, Spanish, Indian, Turkish and a lot more. My favorite vegan restaurant Plant is also", May 2017
96,4.0,Muslim Friendly ,We stayed at apartment that we booked via Airbnb in Itaewon.. the surrounding is very clean and safe even on the weekend there is so many people gathering and drunk around the pub area... i never been feel so secure to walk around drunken group of people... beside we can easily, April 2017
97,4.0,"Great variety of restaurants from around the world, interesting shops & street art","Itaewon is a fun neighborhood of Seoul with a relaxed, youthful vibe. There is an endless supply of fabulous restaurants representing any type of cuisine you could want from around the world! There are also lots of interesting shops, many that you don't see elsewhere in Korea.", April 2017
98,5.0,A must visit place,"first time visiting this part of town, and I was happy I did. It was a quite different atmosphere here than all the places in Seoul that I visited. And it was a good change of pace.. more relax and not rushed. All the signs were written in English so that was good and the side", April 2017
99,2.0,I didn't like it,The people were so bad and they take advantage of tourist. Every thing is expensive more than any other place , April 2017
100,3.0,3 stars for Main Street but 4 stars for...,"As most people reviewed, this Main Street is mainly restaurants, bars and pubs, with the the tourist souvenirs shops. If you prefer the busy and packed atmosphere, stay in the Main area. There is nothing that differentiate this area from any others then.   But if you like a", March 2017
101,4.0,"If you are in Seoul, you must visit this place","ITAEWON is a small place at Seoul which is known for shopping for korean souveniors. This is aplace where you will get all kind of shops, restaurants, pubs  etc", February 2017
102,4.0,"great area for food, bars, pubs","Itaewon is a great area for shopping, food, pubs, bars, nightlife.   Custom tailors, luggage, luggage tags, lots of shopping.   Pubs, bars, restaurants of all types. From an English pub to Spanish tapas, you can find it all.   A great area, I recommend to anyone in the Seoul", March 2017
103,5.0,Shopping Stop for Souvenirs,"Beautiful place to shop, almost as though it is a museum to me. Easy access from subway stations. Souvenir goods are a bit pricey by 1000 to 2000 KRW if compared to those you can get in Myeongdong area, but in terms of variety and aesthetic preference, Itaewon shopping area is a", April 2016
104,3.0,Hmmm...,"Well, not quite sure what title to put my review. You will either like or don't like it. Being born and grown up in a country that is pretty international, I don't quite like Itaewon. To me, it's just like an international town. You can probably find all kinds of cuisine here.  ", February 2017
105,2.0,Average compared to the rest of Seoul,"I was expecting a better vibe from the Itaewon area, but I was sorely disappointed. I had heard that it was a fun, eclectic, international area, but I found it to be overly rowdy and much less interesting than other districts. As an American, I was embarrassed by the loud (even", May 2016
106,4.0,International area,"Come to this area if you want a bit of of an international experience. What you will notice almost immediately is that there is a lot more English around. On shops, on menus, on signs and spoken as you walk the streets. You can find many different restaurants (Indian, Malaysian,", February 2017
107,3.0,Exotic quarter in Seoul,"Exotic quarter in Seoul where you can find Halal food and other international food, mostly western style.", February 2017
108,4.0,Eclectic place,This area is nice to mosey about. There are many other cultures here to experience. I just enjoyed walking about without much of an aim so that I could just take in the area., October 2016
109,4.0,International place in seoul,"Ive been there for lunch and prayed in the masjid. The street is very diffrent from other city, cause is little bit messy and not clean there are leftover in every corner od the street... But there are many halal restaurant good for moslem", January 2017
110,4.0,Nice area,Probably the only 'multi-cultural and diverse' place in Seoul. Many restaurants and pubs/bars  serving international cuisines and drinks. Good area to have a walk around and explore the souvenir shops., January 2017
111,5.0,Best custom tailored suit place in Itaewon,The DYNASTY tailor was highly recommended by friends for decent price of quality suit in Itaewon. because my body shape is not like a normal built which is a very broad shoulder with thick arms so none of rack suit fits me at all. that's why I definitely need a custom fitted, November 2016
112,5.0,Great area! ,"Loved this crazy area of seoul. Lots of shops and restaurants in crazy shapes, a must!  One part is mostly fashion stores and then there is a dedicated foodstreet as well!", December 2016
113,4.0,a good place to find halal food in seoul!,"Itaewon Market looks like a junk yard sale. A good place to find antique stuff. If you are hungry, there are a lot of Halal restaurants especially near the mosque. To go here, take a subway to Itaewon Station (Line 6)", April 2016
114,4.0,Hip and happening,"On weekends its totally crowded and difficult to get a seat in the popular pubs. Not far from Gangnam district, little difficult to get transport late at night.", August 2016
115,4.0,Mad Party Place,"If you want to witness some mad parties and Seoul's night life- head straight to Itaewon. Once a US Military base, is now a very popular hangout for young boys and girls.  South Koreans really know how to party. Itaewon has the best clubs, amazing pubs and good eateries. The", October 2016
116,4.0,Hipster and halal central,"Visited Itaewon in 2005 and revisited in Nov 2016. The place is full of hipster galleries and craft shops and lotsa halal outlets, making it a magnet for Muslim travellers. Excellent.", November 2016
117,5.0,Hallal Heaven ,"Many Hallal Restaurants in the area, that is why I call it Hallal Heaven especially for muslim travellers.   Not only does it cater for muslim travellers but the area also has streets of shopping too. Very hilly area but great place to find souvenir to bring back to home", November 2016
118,4.0,Nice plcae,Nice area to hangout specially if you are foreigner from M.E you can find halal food  In the morning its nice and quite in compare with the nights I mean . Lots of drunk ppl , November 2016
119,4.0,International Sector,"Itaewon is an area in which the American base and many embassies and consulates are located.  As such, it has shops and restaurants focused on catering to both Korean and non-Korean nationals.  The bar district/nightlife is probably the best in Seoul.", October 2016
120,3.0,An 'international' area,"A Muslim-friendly area, Itaewon is known to have halal restaurants and shops. If you find any korean products that sell here, that's mean Muslim can buy it if they are sold outside. The well-known mosque is also located here but it only opens during the day but the compound is", October 2016
121,5.0,Must visit place in Seoul,The international feel was strong. There were lots of restaurants selling different cuisines from different countries. A good mixture of local and international shops. A great way to experience diversity. Street views were impressive., October 2016
122,4.0,Eash to find halal food,"This is the place where i can easily found so many halal restaurant. You can choose either local korean dish, kebab, arab /pakistan menu. The only mosque in seoul was located here.", October 2016
123,5.0,Itaewon,Been here lot of times. Arguably the best selection of restaurants. One of the best places to hang out during the day. Lots of foreigners, February 2016
124,5.0,A must visit area when in Seoul,"Getting to Itaewon Station would be on Line 6 of the Seoul Subway. This place is probably one of the coolest area to visit in Seoul. I had the international feel here, with alot of restaurants serving international cuisines, many shopping areas with international brands, and an", November 2015
125,4.0,Lots of happenings and very much alive at night.,"This an area packed with locals and tourists alike. Lots of restaurants, bars, cafes and eateries. A good place to soak up the atmosphere or just sit around and do people watching.  Some street musicians are there too to entertain the crowd. Shops abound too but the price may be", August 2016
126,2.0,Not What It Use To Be,"If you were a U.S. Military member and remember all the great times you had in Itaewon in the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's, well you are in for a shock.  Not a place to hang out or spend the night in.  Half of those hole in the wall clubs are off limits by USFK and many of the", September 2016
127,5.0,Super cool area,"Itaewon is definitely worth a visit. I only went there at nighttime and the vibe in the area was super cool and international. There are restaurants from all over the world, from Egypt to America and to Korea obviously. Besides from that there is a lot of cool bars and clubs (go", September 2016
128,4.0,Great place at night,"This place is ""the"" area to go at night as its packed with restaurants, bars, and clubs.  Lots of (mostly young) Koreans and some tourists as well.  If you like to club and drink this IS your spot.", September 2016
129,4.0,Many international restaurants ,If you wanna try different kind of international foods... If you wanna have Halal restaurants... If you wanna pray in a Masjid... If you wanna see different people from different cultures... Itaewon is the best area in Seoul..., September 2016
130,4.0,Great place for foreign food and drink,Good place to spend a night or weekend. Plenty of variety for international food and lots of bars and clubs to drink in. Cheap accommodation to be found also. , April 2016
131,4.0,busy street with lots of culture around,"this area has the only mosque in seoul, muslims are encourage to visit and experience the muslim community in Seoul here.   this area also caters alot of Halal food, south east asian food. etc.  nevertheless, at night this area change completely into an opposite culture. got", April 2016
132,5.0,New touristic district ,"As i informed here is new touristic part of seoul witch many foreigners comes, with many international restaurant,brands and bars.   ", September 2016
133,3.0,not so good,A place with some cafe and bar. if u muslim go to this place because there is a mosque and halal food in this area, September 2015
134,4.0,Muslim Food,Very nice town especially those who are looking for muslim food. There is also a supermarket that sells all halal food items., June 2016
135,5.0,Has changed a lot in 20 years,I was stationed here 20 years ago and man has it changed.  Some for the bad but alot for the GOOD.  great place for foreigners if its your first time to Seoul.  It will let you ease into the Korean culture.  But don't stay here there is so much more to do in Seoul!!!, August 2016
136,5.0,great foreigner area,one of the few books store that sell English books in Seoul.also one of the few areas to get American sized clothes, January 2016
137,5.0,Itaewon,"My partner and I LOVE visiting Itaewon in the evenings. The night life is a blast, especially for a gay couple. Gay Hill is fin and loaded with gay bars. Hoe Hill is also always poppin and alive. If this isn't your scene, there are HUNDREDS of other very modern, fun bars all in", July 2016
138,4.0,"Food, Fun, and Shopping","I very much enjoyed my frequent visits to Itaewon while working nearby.  I learned to love the local food, but was grateful for the Western alternatives too.  Shopping for gifts to send home was fun and reasonably priced.  I also purchased tailor-made suits, uniforms, and", August 2015
139,3.0,Bustling Shopping and Restaurant Area,"There is a large US military base in this neighborhood - I believe it has been there since the Korean War. The base probably has influenced the types of shops and restaurants here. The shops are not high-end, but very diverse. The restaurants are crazy-diverse too. There is a", July 2016
140,4.0,good variety of restaurants,It was walking distance from where I stayed (Grand Hyatt) and so walked there one evening for a meal. There were a lot of different types of restaurants. , June 2016
141,4.0,Had everything we needed.,Stayed in Itaewon for a week and we had everything one could possible need in a 5 mile radius. Plenty of places to eat and 2 grocery stores. It was clean and safe. Super interesting on Halloween night. , August 2015
142,4.0,Itaewon is for International cuisine,We were craving western foods and if you are looking for International cuisine then Itaewon will have what you want.  We came across a pizza place right next door to On the Border.  We ordered a pepperoni pizza and it was as good as NY style pizza!!   On the Border was highly, July 2016
143,5.0,Very nice stop,We came to the area to find a restaurant for dinner and man oh man- loads of options here. There's also a bunch of shops. It's within walking distance to yongsan base so we did not bother with a car. Can't wait to go back and explore some more!, July 2016
144,5.0,Suitable for all Muslims,"The Itaewon district is the most popular place among Muslims particularly as there are lots of Halal eateries there as well as Muslims grocery shops. It's clean and there's also a mosque there even though we have to climb up the road to get to the mosque. Overall, Itaewon is the", October 2015
145,4.0,Buzzing with tourists and off duty US military ,"Visited Itaewon on a Saturday night so it was obviously busy,  plenty of atmosphere and very busy. Had a good dinner and then checked out various streets,  great bars and clubs that we didn't visit with my 17 year old daughter. ", July 2016
146,4.0,"Good for friends, couples or families ","I've been to Itaewon several times over the last 10 months and everytime I go back, I always find something new or something I overlooked the previous trip. Very touristy but friendly .", July 2016
147,3.0,Shops and restaurants,"The Itaewon district offers a wide selection of various shops, street vendors, restaurants and pubs / bars.  When visiting Seoul my fiancée and I spent about an hour or so in the area, before visiting one of the many (good) restaurants located here.  It is okay for a quick visit", June 2016
148,4.0,"A lot of famous restaurants, mostly reasonably priced","This place has a lot of famous restaurants, especially foreign food ones. Some food are expensive, but mostly are reasonably priced. You can buy clothes (big size clothes are famous) and snickers also. I think the only demerit is it is hard to find parking lots on weekends.", October 2015
149,3.0,the foreigner district in seoul. ,"here all foreigner restaurants, stores and embassies gather. you can find almost any international food in here. also its famous for its clubs and bars at night but be careful, you can not take taxi after 12 midnight when the metro close because the taxi drivers only take people", May 2016
150,2.0,Nothing to see,"Had high hopes of the western influenced shopping and food but left disappointed. There were not many shops with recognised international brands, and the neighourhood seemed a bit seedy. We left after walking down the streets for 5 mins. Your time will be better spent in", May 2016
151,5.0,Highly recommended place,"As you can see the rank of the Korean restaurants, most of the restaurants which are highly ranked are in Itaewon. I'd say this is the place where you can experience some kind of diversity in Seoul. There are a lot of foreigners here. It's actually pretty cool in terms of foods,", June 2016
152,5.0,International flaire,A fun area to be strolling around.  Found small hole-in-the-wall coffee shop in the back alleys.  Streets are lined with restaurants from different countries.  Interesting public art in  front of buildings.  Would come again for art galleries and museum., May 2016
153,5.0,Itaewon is great neighborhood for international visitors,Itaewon is one of our favorites to go eat as it has a wide variety of choices of all international flavors.  colorful and vibrant area., May 2016
154,3.0,shopping,"A street shopping mall, place you could find shoes and various attire at reasonable price. Nice to people watch over here.", June 2015
155,5.0,Tailor Made Suits!,Shopped here for a day. Lots of tailors on the street. The boys all got a suit made. The suits are beautiful and so well made. They have enjoyed getting to wear them back here   at home and show off their name sew inside!!!! Loved the shopping here. Bought a hand painted trivet, June 2015
156,3.0,Travelling with muslim friends,"It's kinda hard to find a halal food in Korea. So we heard from a friend that had been here, there's a shop in Itaewon which served Halal Korean dishes (I mean why come to Korea if you don't try the local cuisine), we got lost of course, but there's plenty of halal shop all", April 2016
157,4.0,"Food-yes, Gaybars-yes, clubs-NO","I love Itaewon for it's great cuisine, my favorite gay bar BUT hate it for it's dirty clubs! Why not clubs? Too many American soldiers, African immigrants and others who come their for an easy prey! There is a notion that in that area people can behave themselves in a worst way.", April 2016
158,4.0,souvenir shopping,"This part of Seoul has a little something for everyone.  Located near the US army base, it has shops, food, and stores that can customer make almost anything for you.  You want to avoid some sections due to the adult entertainment that is offered but during the day it is a nice", March 2016
159,4.0,Antique Stores Galore,This is a great area to walk around in if you like antiques.  There are lots of little antique stores throughout the area.  The are other littel galleries and stores also but definitely the focus is antiquities.  Must go if you love the old stuff., April 2016
160,4.0,Foreigner friendly & lots of FOOD,"Itaewon is very accepting for foreigners. Not only does it have the highest concentration of foreign (non-Korean) peoples, it has a lot of food and almost everything speaks some sort of English here. So if you feel like you do not understand anyone in other parts of Seoul, come", April 2016
161,5.0,Rocking Place for Party Lovers,Its  hang out place mainly for Young crowd where you can party late nite on weekends. There are many night clubs playing good music. This place also has good Indian and Pakistani restaurant. You can also do shopping in this area. For Indian people you can get Indian grocery in, April 2015
162,4.0,A vibrant multicultural street in Seoul,A vibrant multicultural street in Seoul with many international an middle eastern restaurants. A must see street after long day of your trip to Seoul., March 2016
163,4.0,World famous shopping,"The variety of shops and range of goods is mind boggling !  Within three days of the first fitting of bespoke suits / tailoring, we were back to get the final fitting for trouser length etc. Outstanding values and a unique way to experience the market driven economy of Korea.", March 2015
164,3.0,Special area in Seoul with other ethnic groups,"Itawon is a mix culture area with different ethnic groups, there is a mosque for Muslims and churces for Christians.  There is a US Army facilities in Itaewon; you can hear people speak English in Itaewon.  Interesting place in Seoul.", January 2016
165,4.0,Foreigner paradise ,"This place is always crowded with foreigners (as well as locals) and it has a lot of different types of food. The food range from korean food to italian food and many more. There are a lot of shops nearby selling things like accessories, handmade stuffs and etc. There are also a", December 2015
166,5.0,Fun & bustling,"I had a great time shopping with my friends in this area. There were both mixes of traditional stuff and modern fashion. If you look around, you can find in the nook and crannies many other shops that have accessories, bags, and trinkets. It's a nice walk at night too with many", November 2015
167,4.0,Peaceful,If you looking for halal food especially for Muslim.. you may come here.. A lot of halal restaurants with so many choices.. I went to Eid Halal Restaurant and the food is daebak!!, November 2015
168,5.0,Change your currency here for best rate!,"This place has everything in one.   Stay - numerous guesthouses to pick from. Prices ranges cheapest compare to other places in Seoul. Most of them located very near to the subway.   Eat - various kind of restaurants from local Korean food to international. For Muslim, this is", January 2016
169,5.0,Multicultural Environment in Seoul,"If you're a tourist visiting Seoul and want to see another side of Seoul, just come to Itaewon! Itaewon is like a mini version of world in Seoul. You can find many people from different race and countries in this place. For foods, there are soo many options and for moslem, this", May 2015
170,4.0,Interesting Area with variety ,I visited Itaewon and found the topography and variety of the district interesting. Wander away (or stay if that's your scene) from the American naval base fuelled trashy part of Itaewon to little Turkey and little India streets near the mosque and get a great view over Seoul., December 2015
171,5.0,muslim community is here,"to all muslim people, itaewon is one of the most place in seoul to visit. here it has a itaewon mosque. also you can find the a lof of halal food here and the restaurant.. very attraction place for foreigner is live here.. can access here by subway, taxi or city bus... so many", September 2015
172,4.0,Interesting place,Itaewon was an interesting neighbourhood to visit for an afternoon. There's some shopping there (international brands like Vans and Aldo) but things are pretty expensive. There are a few souvenir shops as well. The walk up to the Seoul Central Mosque was tiring but pretty worth, February 2015
173,4.0,"Shopping, eating, walking","Upper class shopping and eating, with a western tourist orientation. Some clothing and shoes, souvenirs, also antiques shops. In Hamilton shopping mall decent prices for local products of all kinds, prices are negotiable. Lots of different cuisines and very good restaurants for", December 2015
174,5.0,Korea - part 1,"Staying at Roy' white house gueshouse... Its a simple and small apartment yet suits us perfectly...  Itaewon- city with multiracial communities. Food not a problem for muslim if visiting Itaewon... Clothes, souvieniers, boots, shoes, etc anything u can find it here.. Even the", November 2015
175,4.0,Nightlife district,"This is definitely NOT a shopping area because everything seems expensive here even just an ordinary souvenir shirt where you can simply find anywhere at Seoul. I can see that this is the place where the expats hang out.   But if you cross at the other street, Korean food here", May 2015
176,5.0,very nice area to spend your night and enjoy a great night life,"it took us 15 minutes from our hotel "" Glad Hotel "" next to the National Assembly in the south to Itaewon in the north and it costed 12000 Wons equal to almost 12 US$ by taxi.  the area was very much pleasant . there are lots of bars and night clubs which will for sure suites", October 2015
177,4.0,"Great town, but lots of expats here.","Filled with many expats here, so it's fairly easy to find food that aren't originally from Seoul. (Eg. Indian or Moroccan cuisines can be found easily here, great for muslims). I was advised by my Korean friend that it isn't 100% safe for female solo travelers to come here as it", May 2015
178,5.0,Happening place,"Itaewon is a very happening place in Seoul, many shops, bars, restaurants and clubs. Best to go at night to feel the energy there. Many expats and locals hang out there. it is a nightlife hot spot.", October 2015
179,4.0,Plan for a weekend ,Not so far from the memorial of the Korean war. It is about 15min walk up the main street.   I think Itaewon is the most visited area by shopping-holic and also the largest gathering foreigners in Seoul . However I could find cheaper items in other areas.  The area is full of, October 2015
180,3.0,Cool village,"It is a cool village where you can find many different culture, restaurants and shops. I have a good experience when I was there I could see the Itaewon Global Village Festival", October 2015
181,5.0,Dynamic!!,"We enjoyed being in Itaewon each time we visited, day or night, it’s just vibrant. The street stretch begins and ends with and arch like structure on road saying Welcome to Itaewon.   It’s a must visit place when in Seoul, it’s a place where one would definitely go crazy for", August 2015
182,4.0,Lively international area of Seoul.,Itaewon seems to be a bit touristy and maybe I ordinarily wouldn't like it but we visited it on the day of vibrant festivities. Itaewon Global Village Festival really reflects the spirit of this place. Hamilton hotel's unattractive architecture does not seem to matter- it is, October 2015
183,3.0,Too touristy,"Itaewon is a great place, if you would like to see many tourists and eat the food you would eat at home. All the major brand names have a shop in Itaewon. Highlight for our kids was the Hello Kitty Cafe.", October 2015
184,4.0,"Not the Same Old Itaewon, New and Improved","I first visited Itaewon in 1985 when it was known as GI shopping and Juicy Bar area only frequented by GIs, tourist out to shoo, prostitutes and the rare or brave Koreans desiring to meet foreigners. Really The average Korean looked down on this place. But over the last few", October 2015
185,4.0,Street Shopping,"If you're a first timer to Korea,this place is a must. For a muslim traveller like myself ,it is easy to find a halal food in this area. There are a lot of shops here as well from T''shirts to all kind of souvenirs. But just take note, most of this shop's close after 6pm. You", November 2014
186,2.0,"Been there, done it, didn’t buy the shirt.",I heard a lot about Itaewon and all the market areas they had to offer. Maybe I would have had a better experience if I was travelling with somebody who knew the area. It was tough to navigate around and very easy to get lost once you go into some of these shopping areas. It was, September 2015
187,5.0,If you don't like this there is something wrong,"Have stayed in Itaewon several times now and wouldn't go anywhere else in Seoul. The main street has always been full of shops and stalls, but the bars and restaurants are getting better and more numerous all the time. If you go down hill alongside the army base this area is", September 2015
188,4.0,Nice place to eat western food and hang with foreigners,"But is that what you really want to do in Korea? Maybe sometimes. Itaewon is a nice district to hang out in now and then to get your western food cravings taken care of before heading back to wherever else in Korea you're going or living. I like it for its western feel, but it", September 2015
189,5.0,unique place to see minority of muslims in korea,"love the place, awesome place, many halal food and also one supermarket selling all the halal frozen foods,", September 2015
190,3.0,Not a market really,Just a street with stalls selling cheap fake Calvin Klein underwear and such. Side streets have multitude of fin restaurants and bars though , September 2015
191,4.0,Very unique the city of Seoul.,"When i visited this city, i felt like being in other country. It has multi cultural tastes. Arabic, oriental, European, Korean.. Most of all, it' close to centre of Seoul ,CITY HALL . It means you can easily access to all the way to trip. ", April 2015
192,4.0,Good variety of food ,The blend of food in terms of variety and quality is highly appreciated and therefore recommended - place can be explored on foot with international shopping centre too , September 2015
193,4.0,Very diverse area,"First time in Seoul, this has to be the most diverse area in the whole of South Korea! night life in this area is okay-ish. As I am not really a night life kinda person!", October 2014
194,5.0,Night life fun time,"this is one place in seoul to go round september time when you still have the warmth but not so much humidity and you can go to one of the many bars or restaurants and sit people watching, or one of the rooftop terraces and meet friends. Great place and one I'll keep going back", September 2015
