,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Korean Professional Baseball ,If you are a baseball fan and have never watched Asian professional baseball then add a game at Jamsil Stadium to your list. The atmosphere is festive throughout the game and the quality of play in the KBO is among the best in the world. , April 2019
1,4.0,언제 가도 기분이 좋아지는 야구장,, June 2019
2,4.0,Great place to watch baseball,"Korean baseball is like attending a US college football game.  There are cheerleaders, fight songs, etc.  Lots of noise which is very unlike US baseball. The food and beer outside the arena can be carried inside and the prices are very reasonable when compared to MLB.", August 2019
3,5.0,A baseball game in Korea is a must experience in a trip to South Korea,, August 2019
4,5.0,First timer,, August 2019
5,4.0,Great venue!,"Headed up to Seoul to see a baseball game. Really easy to get to, subway right at the stadium. Pretty good venue, great facilities and easy to get around. Fantastic game and atmosphere with the ground. Had a really fun night, recommend getting here to see a local game if you can.", August 2019
6,5.0,The game is secondary to the experience,, July 2019
7,5.0,Must do on your trip to Seoul!,"The stadium wasn’t even close to full on our Thursday night baseball game but the atmosphere was amazing! The Koreans love their baseball and honestly, it’s infectious. The cheerleaders are such good fun as is the food and beer culture. It’s also super cheap to go too versus the US.", June 2019
8,5.0,Great day out ,"Great way to spend a Saturday afternoon! Scorching weather, cheap beer and a lively atmosphere! Perfect day out alone, with friends or with the family.", June 2019
9,5.0,Not your typical baseball experience and thats a good thing!,, April 2019
10,4.0,Enthusiastic crowds,"A visit to a baseball game is definitely worthwhile. In our case, it was LG Twins vs. NC Dinos, who were well supported for an away team. In comparison to US baseball games, in our experience the audience is much more lively and consistently cheering on their team. Tickets were available at the stadium on game day, which was possible due to it being a non-rivalry game against an out-of-town opponent. Third-base upper deck tickets were approx $15 each, with good view of the game. Plenty of food and drinks available inside but feel free to bring your own as well.", May 2019
11,5.0,Electric Atmosphere!,, May 2019
12,4.0,Great Park,"Great experience, enjoy the baseball and the food is awesome with a ton of variety.  My first Kprean baseball experience was really cool.", July 2018
13,4.0,Doosan on Bears Baseball game,, April 2019
14,5.0,Fun Even if You Don’t Like Sports,, April 2019
15,4.0,Very cool! ,Since I was in Korea for a week we got really lucky and noticed baseball was on and did some research. It was really hard or near impossible to buy tickets online as nothing is in English but you can come 30 mins before the game and heaps of tickets still available. We got to sit near the middle for around $20 AUD. Very cool atmosphere and lots of fried chicken options. Worth coming even for a few hours (game can take hours)z, October 2018
16,4.0,The baseball stadium,, November 2017
17,4.0,"A good baseball experience in Seoul, but not the best in Korea. Extremely difficult to reserve tickets online.",, September 2018
18,5.0,Easy to get to ballpark in Seoul,Like baseball? In Korea? Like beer? Then this place is for you. Its an airy ballpark with cheap seats and cheap drinks. Front row seats at field level are ~30 USD. The cheerleading is fun to watch as well. Easy to get to via subway and/or bus., May 2018
19,5.0,Just do it,"Great experience for my girlfriend and I. As Western Canadians, we aren't really into baseball. But we happen to be walking by the stadium on our last day and said screw it, lets go in. Bought our great seats for approx $11 CAD, what a deal! The people selling the tickets didn't have a great grasp at English, but they still made seat selection and buying tickets fairly straight forward. I highly recommend seeing a Korean baseball game. What a surprise!", September 2018
20,5.0,Top 5 Baseball Games,, September 2017
21,5.0,A Must Do!,"If you are in Korea during baseball season, don't miss an opportunity to catch a game.  Whether you are a baseball fan or not, you will be glad you went.  There are plenty of websites that explain how to get tickets.  In short, arrive at least an hour early and buy tickets at the gate.   Pay attention to who is playing.  Each baseball stadium hosts two teams.  If the two home teams are playing each other, expect a sell out and you are not likely to get tickets (unless you are comfortable buying them from a scalper).", April 2018
22,5.0,Fun time,, July 2018
23,5.0,"Great, fun Korean experience",, June 2018
24,5.0,Highly recommended to come and view a baseball match,"I am actually not a fan of baseball, in fact I know nothin about it. My hub is one and he wanted to come and catch a match since we are in Seoul. We were there for Doosan Bears VS NC match on a Friday. Bought the tix about 1.5 hours before the match (6.30pm) at 32k in total. Pretty good seats. The koreans were very enthusiastic and cheering for their teams. We joined Doosan Bear fans and boy, we had sooooo much fun! We were cheering alongside with them and I quickly became a fan! There were lots of fried chicken sold outside as well as beer! The match ended at 9.30pm but it didn’t feel long for us. Would love to be there again!", June 2018
25,5.0,Took my heart to a ballgame 🎶🎶,"We lucked out in getting amazing seats in outfield section 414 for the LG Twins vs Nexcen game. All for 9,000₩ a piece, we enjoyed the best of the hometown crowd, to include having a huge banner drawn overtop everyone. As English speakers we couldn't follow the words but we got into it, and sang along what it sounded like to us. The Twins didn't disappoint with a grand slam and double homer. They won the game and my heart. I'm now a proud owner of retired #9 Lee Byung-kyu shirt. Am incredible memory of my trip to Seoul.", June 2018
26,4.0,Amazing fun watching baseball,"Great stadium and great fun watching the communal singing and chanting for each team. Baseball is not major league, but good. Take your own food or buy relatively cheaply in the ground. Was just a fun few hours.", May 2018
27,5.0,If you like Baseball you got to go! Even if don't that much ...Go!,"We love baseball and watch or attend American Major League Baseball regularly. So we thought let's take in a game in Seoul while we are there. It was a great experience. The Korean fans sing and chant continuously, they have cheer leaders and song leaders. It kind of reminded me of English Premier Soccer chanting. There is usually a fair amount of scoring. Everything is timed. So the breaks between innings or pitching warm ups is short. Tickets are not very expensive ($15 each). Concession and street food is available outside the stadium, and you can bring it in with you. Prices inside the stadium are not much more than outside. Go and have fun", April 2018
28,5.0,A must visit for baseball fans!,It's so lively and fun throughout the game. Tickets can be purchased few hours before the game it is super easy even for foreigners or if you can't read hangul you can get by just pointing out your desirable seat., August 2017
29,5.0,Best Baseball Experience Ever (Korean Baseball),, July 2017
30,5.0,So much fun ,Even if you do not like baseball I would recommend going to a game here. I am a die hard mlb fan but I must say that Koreans know how to have a good time at the ballpark. Lots of singing and dancing and all around good energy for the entire game. Cheap and good options for food to eat as well. Let's go Doosan!, July 2017
31,5.0,one of the best again and again,"great stadium, outstanding fried chicken, big plastic jugs of beer and some of the best baseball fans in the world.  always a great deal of fun.", June 2017
32,5.0,Korean Baseball!,, July 2017
33,4.0,Korean Baseball Madness,I can tick this off of my bucket list. Complete and utter insanity... more of a combination of American Idol and the carnival. Very difficult to watch baseball if you are a real fan. The music and dancing girls and singing never stops! A must see if you ever visit Seoul!, June 2017
34,5.0,The way baseball should be watched.,I decided to go see the LG Twins vs. Doosan Bears and what a crowd! I happened to be sitting with LG Twins fans and whenever the Twins were up to bat their side of the stadium would break out in song and chants. Then whenever the Bears would go up to bat the other side of the stadium would do the same. What a fun night!, June 2017
35,5.0,Brilliant....seeing a baseball game in Korea is an amazing experience,, May 2017
36,5.0,Awesome atmosphere!,"I went to watch the baseball match between the LG Twins and NC Dinos. The atmosphere was amazing! There cheerleaders and each baseball player had their own specific cheering song. I also tried the famous chimaek aka korean fried chicken and beer combi there and it was very delicious. The stadium is outdoors and the weather was great as I went during spring. Would definitely recommend everyone to watch a baseball game there! Also, you can buy the tickets on the spot and it is not expensive, about 12,000 KRW for a relatively good seat.", May 2017
37,5.0,1st base side,"I went to 2 games.  LG Twins are more popular than Doosan Bears but great atmosphere for both.  The Korean baseball stadiums are designed so the home fans sit in shade, visitors burn in the sun.  So buy your day game tickets for the 1st base side.  For night games consider 3rd base as there are fewer visiting fans.  The cheerleaders for SK Wyverns stuck around after the game and I got photos with both of them!   Also go up to the very top for a good view of the Olympic Stadium.", May 2017
38,5.0,Great field for baseball,"The outside vendors are great, the convenience stores are plentiful, and the games are fun. Going to Jamsil is one of my favorite things to do in Seoul.", September 2016
39,4.0,Great atmosphere!,, May 2017
40,5.0,Incredible Experience,"I've been to hundreds of baseball games and played baseball growing up and through high school. I've never once seen a baseball game as spirited and entertaining as that, especially for a regular season game. If you haven't seen a baseball game in Korea, you have missed out. Do it as soon as you can. Lots of fun! Great for families as well.", May 2017
41,4.0,Korean major league baseballl,"What a hoot!   We saw the Giants play the Bears.   Full house of 26,000 singing, cheering and chanting fans made this great fun.  This is a cultural experience!   We had cheap outfield seats because reserved were sold out.   In the 6th inning the visiting Giant fans filled plastic bags wth air and wore them like hats.  It's a thing....     I recommend it.   The stadium is at ""sports complex"" Subway and bus stop", April 2017
42,5.0,Great atmosphere!,, April 2017
43,5.0,An absolute must go if you appreciate visiting sports events for the great atmosphere!,, May 2016
44,5.0,Great seeing a baseball game in Korea....,It was a lot of fun going to a baseball game in Korea. It is a lot different than attending a game in the U.S. The fans are very animated! Lots of cheering and booing and singing. It was a blast seeing the difference., May 2016
45,5.0,Festive Atmosphere,, April 2017
46,4.0,Largest sports complex,, October 2016
47,5.0,Twins vs Giants. Awesome!,"Always wanted to see a National League game in Seoul. Bought tickets online for roughly $15 along the first base line. Took the metro followed by a short walk to the stadium. Waited in a very short line to collect our tickets, then off to buy the semi-mandatory jersey and hat. Properly attired we found our seats, bought chicken and beer (cheaper than in restaurants, almost like they want you to have a good time), and sat to enjoy the game. To say that Koreans are enthusiastic baseball fans would be to engage in massive understatement. They are simply off the charts baseball crazy. Each side has an MC and cheerleaders, numerous songs with hand signals, with explosive cheers for any base hit. It's a full immersion experience. A must do even if you wouldn't be caught dead watching baseball at home!", August 2016
48,5.0,Great place for a game,Plenty of food choices before the game.  Ability to walk around the whole stadium without being dogged by ushers.  Great atmosphere.  Great time, August 2016
49,4.0,"A taste of Korean sports, come for the atmosphere ","I don't particularly like baseball,  but the atmosphere at these games is infectious. The crowd chant continously, cheer leaders dance, people drink beer and the fried chicken is everywhere. Good priced tickets and this is one of the biggest stadiums in Seoul.  Only downside is that it's not that central location in Seoul and pre booking  doesn't have a good English service. However you can often get cheaper seats if  you get there early enough.  But still try to arrive at least an hour  before the game starts on the day to ensure tickets. The game of baseball wasn't great but the memories and fun with the crowd was amazing.", September 2016
50,5.0,A must do in Seoul!,"A must do if in Seoul!!!  It was an amazing experience watching the families, fans and performers. It is nothing like the baseball games that we have in North America.  First of all, you can bring in your own food and drinks.  Yes, booze!  Everyone brings in coolers full of food and booze.  The fans are crazy.  They sing along with the performers to the different chants during the game.  It’s super affordable.  Even the cheapest seats were not too bad.", August 2016
51,5.0,Play Ball,Went to watch to the Doosan Bears and LG Twins. Really nice ball park. Very fun crowd and they have guys that have backpack draft beer!  Great atmosphere and easy to buy tickets. If you want baseball in Korea this is a must, September 2016
52,5.0,Great baseball,Great stadium. Amazing fanbase! Koreans really enjoy baseball like no other in the World. Clearly the main sport in Korea. Attending a baseball is a must while in Seoul., August 2016
53,5.0,Love it and experience it!,, August 2016
54,5.0,Lotte Giants v. LG Twins,"I went to see a match between Lotte (Busan) and LG (Seoul), so naturally supported LG. The atmosphere was insanely good for a league match, and the chanting was so much fun, despite the language barrier - each player had their own chants!", July 2016
55,5.0,So Much Fun!!,"Highlight of the trip for sure.  We were told by our concierge that since baseball is South Koreas favorite sport games sell out a week in advance and we would have to buy tickets from someone outside (we never saw this).  I did some research and in order to purchase in advance online you need a Korean ID number, so we had no choice but to take our chances at the game.  We took the metro and it was super easy, with the Sports Complex stop right outside the stadium.  We arrived about 30min early and there was a huge crowd as expected, and people selling a large variety of food outdoors.  I was a little perplexed by this as many people were buying food- I learned later that you can bring in outside food and go in and out with your ticket.  We found the ticket office and there were long lines, but they moved fast.  We bought outfield tickets (~$8USD) which we learned were first come first serve, so all the seats were either being held (people buying food outdoors) or occupied.  If you sit in this section come early as we had to stand, with many others, until seats came available in the 6th inning...  The atmosphere was amazing!  When your team is at bat the crowd sings different songs, you get a show within a show!  There is no announcer, which I thought was strange and the pitching was not great, but we enjoyed ourselves tremendously. I would highly recommend this, GO BEARS!!", August 2016
56,5.0,Baseball games will never be the same! ,"After reading the reviews from others, my husband & I decided to see a game. What a hoot! After this, American baseball games will seem as staid as golf tournaments. Although there was a chance of rain and the stadium wasn't full, those who were there were lively and my head was swivelling back and forth from the game to the MC and cheerleaders.  My recommendation? Go to a game!", July 2016
57,5.0,The best  thing to do in Seoul,"This is one of the best things to do whilst in Seoul.  The crowd are amazing as they sing their reportoire of songs combined with the dancing, actions.  If only the NRL in Oz was part like this.  Certainly a great night out", June 2016
58,5.0,A Highlight of Our Trip!,"We took the subway to Jamsil Baseball Stadium to experience a Korean baseball game. Since the game started in the late afternoon (3pm?) on a fairly warm day, we opted to sit on the shady side of the stadium. Turns out we sat on the side of the Doosan Bears, the reigning champions! The enthusiasm of all the fans there that day was impressive - much like an American college football or basketball game - although maybe more so ... most of the fans knew all the songs and arm movements and performed them in sync. It was a lot of fun to be there! And the Bears won too! ;)", April 2016
59,5.0,American baseball take note!,I had the opportunity to watch a baseball game at the stadium. And what an experience it was. They have cheerleaders and cheers for their respective teams. The beer at the ballpark is very inexpensive. 1 L of beer is $3.50 or 3500 Won. If you're too lazy to go find food they have an app where someone will deliver the food to your seat., June 2016
60,5.0,Huge amount of fun!!!!,, July 2016
61,5.0,Excitement in crowd comparable to World Series,"I love baseball as it is exciting when my team is playing but I was excited when I visited Jamsil Baseball Stadium and I didn’t know a single player or where the visiting team was from. The crowd is unbelievable. The game was meaningless as I found out later it wouldn’t impede one of the teams from advancing to the playoffs. Regardless, the crowd sang and chanted throughout the entire game. I’ve been to a soccer match and it was pretty much the same thing but this is baseball. I’ve never seen this much excitement save for a World Series game in baseball. Then to top that off, there were these hot cheerleaders that danced and performed throughout the game. I’m glad I had on my sunglasses or my wife would have been pissed hahaha! The food was very cheap, the tickets were cheap, the ride on the metro to the front door step of the stadium was cheap and the entire experience was priceless. I HIGHLY ADVISE if you are in Seoul try and find out if there is a baseball game being played and DO NOT MISS OUT! You will see baseball in a whole new light.", February 2016
62,5.0,Amazing!,, May 2016
63,4.0,KBO Action!,, May 2016
64,5.0,Korean Baseball is Amazing,, May 2016
65,5.0,"Cheap, fun, way to spend an evening","Tickets are cheap, food is interesting, and the show the fans put on is entertaining. Throw in the fact that you can BYOB, and you've got a great way to spend an evening for any budget. Stadium is clean, convenient to reach, and staffed with friendly faces. I'd recommend it to anyone visiting Seoul.", May 2016
66,4.0,Electric local fun!,"My husband and I wanted to enjoy some local experiences and we decided on baseball - great choice!  We caught the very efficient Metro and arrived to a wave of people selling fried chicken and beer but you will also find many sellers of the local tantalising delicacies such as dried Squid and Octopus!  It was an electric atmosphere!  The Locals are very passionate about their baseball (obviously heavily influenced by the US), they erupt in cheers and chants throughout, you can't help but join in! Thoroughly enjoyed it and met a couple of friendly locals too.", August 2015
67,5.0,Jamsil Stadium - Doosan Bears baseball,, May 2016
68,5.0,Great experience for baseball fans,, April 2016
69,5.0,American baseball will never be the same.,, July 2015
70,5.0,Jamsil Baseball Stadium,, February 2015
71,5.0,What an amazing event - don't miss this!,"We went to one of the ball games and having been to see the Blue Jays and Mariners I wanted to see how Korea treated the game.  It was a great experience; the stadium is home to numerous teams so typically the stadium is split into two with one side cheering while their team is batting and then it alternates.  KFC is ht etching to buy when here and we found the people we sat beside very friendly, even offering us the Soju they snuck in.  Beer was quite cheap (bought by the litre in a plastic bottle).  We bought tickets outside ht stadium and got pretty good seat for face value, I was told they don't scalp and no one rips you off either although I was with a lady friend who had lived in Seoul so maybe that helped.   All in all, if you are any type of sports fan I would definitely recommend this experience.", September 2015
72,5.0,Definitely include a visit to this park on your trip!,, August 2015
73,4.0,Don't miss a chance to take in a baseball game,Growing up and loving baseball I had to take the chance to attend a game in Korea. All I can say is that they take the game to a whole new level. While the gameplay is still the same the crowed is 100% committed to cheering on their team. It made the game even more exciting., October 2015
74,5.0,I hate baseball,My husband and I went to watch a game and the stadium was the best part of the experience. You can bring in your own food or eat from the many restaurants. There are coffee shops and tickets are cheap!, May 2015
75,4.0,Doosan Bears!!!,, October 2015
76,5.0,Definitely try to come for a game!!,"If you're in Seoul, try to make it to a baseball game! They are nothing like north american baseball games - its always packed, high energy dancing and fans, as well as you can bring your own food/drinks or buy giant $3 bottles of beer and fried chicken to enjoy! It's a great time - one of the highlights of our trip!", October 2015
77,5.0,"Amazing environment, a highlight of our time in Seoul!","I am a former professional baseball player and coach, so catching a game at Jamsil was a must for my wife and me and it did not disappoint!  The quality of play on the field is good - equivalent to High-A or Double A minor leagues in the U.S. - but the entertainment value is off the charts!  It is very different than catching a game back home and we loved every minute of it! The environment outside the stadium before and after the game is lively and the fans are full of energy and enthusiasm throughout the game.  Do yourself a favor and see a game while in Seoul!!!", September 2015
78,5.0,Asian baseball is amazing!,"I currently live in Japan, where baseball games are super exciting (think European soccer/football). I was not disappointed! It was amazing! I'm not sure if I can go back home and watch a game now that I've been at games in Asia. Songs, dancing, cheers, cheap food/drink... It's an absolute must (even if you're not a baseball/sports person)!!!!! GO TWINS!!!", September 2015
79,5.0,FANTASTIC!!,"Are you a fan and have an evening to spend?  Then make sure and take in a Korean baseball game at Jamsil Park.  Easily accessible via the metro the field is well- be prepared for an entertainment event.  Other than good baseball the local fans ratchet up the energy level to a fevered pitch with their chanting, singing and cheering led by an animated MC and cheerleaders. We had a fantastic time and highly recommend its tons of fun!!", September 2015
80,5.0,Amazing day trip in nice weather!,"This was hands down one of my favorite day trips in Seoul! The crowd was so amped up (always is, Koreans love baseball) and it was definitely a glimpse of Korean culture. Its also really cheap-you can buy tickets for 7,000 KRW and they're still awesome seats! Bring sun glasses and an umbrella and lots of water-you can bring your own food and beer into the stadium.", September 2015
81,5.0,Best way to be a Korean in Seoul if you are visiting!,"Attending a baseball game here was probably the most fun we had in Seoul. The stadium was built for the 1988 Olympics. We bought tickets in the ""cheerleader"" section and had such a great time with all the cheers, hand motions, beer, and grilled octopus.", August 2015
82,4.0,Go Doosan Bears!,"Great evening out at the equivalent of a AAA ballpark in the U.S., but much more enthusiastic fans. Americans would be appalled to find singing and chanting like at an MLS game but it was great fun even though the hated Samsung Lions came back against Bears' relievers to pull out the win.", August 2015
83,4.0,"Euphoria, Euphoria everywhere!",, July 2015
84,4.0,nice ,"nice game ,,, was entertaining,,, would definitely visit again,,,the team i supported won so it was even better,,,,,,", July 2015
85,4.0,Great Venue,What a terrific place to watch baseball. 2 professional home teams to watch on various dates. It would be hard to imagine a MLB team allowing you to enter the park carrying a complete meal to enjoy while watching the game. The quality of the play is probably equal to AAA ball.. Very enjoyable!!, May 2015
86,5.0,Great night out at the ball game,Went to a Bears game on a Thursday night and the atmosphere throughout the whole game was intense. It only cost us 8000 won each to sit in the outfield. The stadium is right outside the Sports Complex metro station and couldn't be easier to get to. We had so much fun that we might go again before leaving Seoul., July 2015
87,5.0,Korea's best basketball stadium - visit on a Saturday for the most authentic experience,"The stadium is shared by the Doosan Bears and the LG Twins, both baseball teams with large foreigner followings. Personally, I am a huge Doosan Bears fan, but watching any team in Jamsil is a great experience!", August 2014
88,5.0,Very entertaining baseball crowd!,"Korean baseball is just so much fun. The atmosphere is incredible, with the fans chanting and singing the entire game! Also the tickets, food and drinks are cheap, and you can buy beer and soju right outside to bring in.", June 2015
89,4.0,The love of the game,"What I love about baseball is the experience.  I've been an avid fan for many years, but have recently lost the love of the game due to professional sports in the west.  Going to a game in S. Korea was a breath of fresh-air, as the ticket prices were normal, fans were passionate about their team, and you get to choose your own seat as soon as you walk through the front gates.  Koreans really love their baseball and it was a pleasure watching a few games while I lived there!", July 2014
90,5.0,#WTAsia2015,The crowd was beyond the best part (beside the Chicken and Beer)! There was so much unity and light!, May 2015
91,5.0,Great time! What an experience,"This was one of the more astounding activities I took part in. I loved the in-game experience, so different than anything in Canada or the US. Tickets were ultra-affordable, and food and beverages can be purchased before-hand and brought in. What more can you ask for?", June 2015
92,5.0,Great time,Here is no better fn than Korean baseball. Had to get tickets especially n weekends . Always the most fun night for young and old.  Americans are ten a little to wide for their seat so just stand and cheer., May 2015
93,5.0,Just go!,"Even if you are not a huge baseball fan, this is a fun time!  A must do if you are in Seoul and easy to get to on the Metro.  The box office opens at 4:30pm and the lines can be long, so I would recommend getting there early.  The game I went to sold out. The energy was just incredible.  They do love baseball in Korea.", May 2015
94,4.0,Americans head to the baseball game.,"We've been to a few games and if you've never been you have to go.  Here's all the tips I know; tje subway exit for the sports complex is about 100 feet from the stadium, you can buy food and drink and bring it in to the stadium,  you can leave the stadium as many times as you like, parkingat the stadium is 4,000 won, you CANNOTpurchase tickets online no matter how hard you try UNLESS you have a Korean alien number, buying tickets at the stadium gets a little dicey on weekends, there is a HUGE difference in atmosphere from the outfield tickets to the infield tickets  (we prefer the infield tickets with our kids), the stadium can get super loud for 90% of the time (we lasted 1/2 a game the first time we went).  Tips - beers are 3,000 inside, a little cheaper outside.  Burger King and KFC is located right ououtside of the stadium.  There is a GS25 convenient store right outside the stadium for soda, ice cream cones, candy, chips, etc.  Bathrooms are huge but for some reason always seem as though they were just flooded out.  Make sure you point to the map of the seating chart when you're at the window or you'll get outfield seats for sure.  Make sure you say ""together"" when asking for the number of seats you want, if its a packed game they will assume your party will sit anywhere to get in.   Sitting higher up on the first base side will keep you out of the sun.  If the game is wrapped up by the 7-8th inning, LEAVE, and avoid the two-three hours of traffic driving a total of 10km.   Hope this helps.  Now go to the game!", April 2015
95,5.0,Lots of fun!,, April 2015
96,5.0,"If you're an American and enjoy baseball, don't miss this chance to experience the game in a completely new way","This is my second trip to Seoul for business so I decided to venture out and try something new. Since I was just at an MLB game in the US, I decided to go watch a pro game (LG Twins) while in Korea by myself. It did not disappoint. I highly recommend sitting in the home team's section, which is on the first base line. Be adventurous and sit in or near the main cheer section, which is located in 207. I sat in 205 row 4 and was quickly befriended by some regular fans sitting around me (as my picture can attest). They made me feel right at home and for 4 hours, I forgot about everything but the moment and trying to soak it all up.", April 2015
97,5.0,LG Twins game,"Easily the best baseball experience I've had. Each player has their own song and chants and each side takes turns when their team are up to bat. Most of the excitement are in the stands. $10USD for great seats $3USD for beer you can get street food as you're walking in, easily accessible by the metro.", April 2015
98,5.0,Doosan Fighting!,, April 2015
99,5.0,Great introduction to the game!,"I lived in Seoul for a year and had no idea about BB, so my first games were watched here. Had a great time, good staff, well stocked shop and friendly locals. Worth catching a game!", April 2014
100,5.0,A Fun Sunday Afternoon,"Watching Korean baseball is an interesting cultural experience for an American.  The Korean fans are continually cheering for their team and are organized with a leader, drums, dancing girls and noise makers.  It is as much fun watching the fans as it is watching the game.  The fans are into the game but also courteous and friendly.", March 2015
101,5.0,Lively and fun,, March 2015
102,5.0,Cheap and fun baseball,"Paid ₩12,000 to watch the LG Twins take on the NC Dinos. Got to the stadium ~1 hr before game time and got seats down the 3rd base line. In Korea, unlike the US, the visiting dugout is on the 3rd base side, so our side was full of NC Dinos fans. The stadium is extremely easy to access from public transit. Sports Complex exit of subway Line 2 drops you off just feet away from the ticket booth. The fans are very enthusiastic, there are cheerleaders, and the beers I had were only ₩3,000. Seeing a game here is a good way to have a night out, even if you aren't that big of a baseball fan.", April 2014
103,5.0,Great night out for peanuts,"For next to nothing (W9,000) watch some quality baseball and experience the weird and wonderful world of Korean baseball. Grab a couple beers, some hot dogs, rice cakes and a ramen and you're away!", April 2014
104,5.0,"Must Do if At All Able, Even If You Aren't Into Baseball",, July 2014
105,4.0,Great Fun,"If you're even just a mild sports fan, this is a must do.  Here in Korea the local fans take cheering for their team very seriously.  There will be cheering competitions for each side of the stadium with a lead gentlemen MC and a few beauties around him.  The fans will make more noise than you would ever imagine, sing songs about each player (to the tune of a current hit), dance and more.  The cheering is as important as the game, maybe even more so.  You are allowed to bring food into the stadium which is also a plus.  Pack a back, pack the family, and head out to a ballgame.  Just fyi - think Minor League ballpark and you'll have idea of size.", June 2014
106,4.0,Biggest Baseball stadium in Seoul,, July 2014
107,5.0,Free game!,, March 2014
108,4.0,Awesome Experience,"Definitely worth going to a game if you get the chance. Might not be tied to a team but the cheerleaders and the crowd will have you rooting for one by the end of the 3rd inning. Not like baseball anywhere else, except maybe Japan.", November 2014
109,5.0,Favorite way to spend my weekends,"Basically my second home during the baseball season...while it lacks character, the atmosphere can't be beat...by far the best place to watch a ballgame in Korea...there's a home game pretty much everyday except Mondays during baseball season (Apr - Sep) as either Doosan Bears or LG Twins will be hosting a game...unless it's a Saturday or Sunday game vs one of the popular teams (Lotte, KIA, or a Doosan vs LG game), getting a ticket on the day of the game should not be a problem...food inside is fairly priced but options are limited...but you can bring your own stuff in (except hard alcohol)...home team crowd sits on the 1st base side and away team crowd sits on the 3rd base side...", September 2014
110,4.0,A fun way to enjoy baseball,"If you have never been to a Korean Baseball game, this is a MUST see thing to do.  The Korean baseball experience is a bit different.  There are cheerleaders and the food in the stadium is not too overpriced.  Plus you can bring it whatever you want...beer...a pizza.. they dont care!!!", September 2014
111,5.0,Doosan Bears,"Watching Korean baseball in this stadium was fun and easy.  Buying tickets outside was easy, although the games are usually very busy, some walkup tickets are always available before each game.  You can buy food and beverages outside the stadium and take them in, plus food inside is reasonably priced.  I recommend at least one game to any baseball fan.", December 2014
112,4.0,Easy to buy tickets,"We were told about baseball games by our tour guide. He explained it was easy to get tickets and it was. We looked up game times, trained it here and had a fun afternoon experiencing our first ever baseball game.", April 2014
113,5.0,Funny atmosphere,, November 2014
114,3.0,Baseball Merchandise,The best place to find the baseball merchandise... when u come during tournament time.... affordable price... easy to acces..., December 2014
115,5.0,Korean baseball - Not to be missed,, August 2014
116,4.0,"Fun, cheap way to spend an afternoon, a must see","If you've never been to a Korean baseball game, it's an experience you shouldn't miss. The crowds are extremely energetic, all of the seats have excellent views, and there are cheerleaders. The tickets are cheap and you can buy them directly at the stadium on gameday. Some quick tips, buy your beer and food PRIOR to entering the stadium. There are no rules against bringing outside food into the stadium. However, if you need to buy something inside the prices are extremely reasonable. The prices are just MORE reasonable outside. Also, upon exiting the subway there is a ticket booth that everyone will be waiting to use, this line is extremely long. If you walk to the left of this booth about 25m there is another booth that is generally empty.", July 2014
117,4.0,Great experience,The Korean fans are unbelievably! Very vocal and enthusiastic throughout the game. Great party atmosphere., May 2014
118,5.0,good atmosphere,"if there is baseball match, you should come and watch the game. the atmosphere is great. the korean supporters are great", December 2013
119,5.0,Beautiful!,It is really near metro station. Very big and beautiful. You can go from it to COEX or Gangnam-guб it takes you about 20 minutes on foot or 5 minutes by bus or metro, October 2014
120,4.0,LG Twins Home,"I like well-grown green grass on ground and facilities such as CVS etc. But, it is difficult to find a appropriate entrance written on ticket.", May 2014
121,4.0,Amazing atmosphere,"Jamsil stadium is a great place not only to watch a baseball game, but to experience Korean culture and people. Korean cheering is absolutely amazing, with cheerleaders, cheering songs, and very supportive fans. It's also possible to bring your own food (and booze) in the stadium or to buy snacks just outside of eat, so it's also a treat to eat and have a drink there. On the baseball side, Korean baseball is pretty competitive, and the stadium feels over 25,000 fans, so it does have its own ""major league"" atmosphere. The only drawback is that the stadium, which is about 30 year-old, as well as the rest of the Sports Complex, feels a bit run down.", April 2014
122,5.0,See the fun side of Koreans,"If you want to see Koreans away from work and school and having fun go watch a baseball game. The baseball is good and the fans are enthusiastic. They even have cheerleaders. The price is very affordable and no matter where you sit you will have a good time. The price of food and drinks to include alcohol is reasonable, prices for food are not jacked up like they are at American sports venues. Great for friends or families.", October 2014
123,5.0,Baseball Games in Korea are Entertaining!,, May 2014
124,4.0,Awesome experience,I visited with coworkers and had an awesome experience.  I had a little trouble finding my seat as the ticket was not in English. The conessions were great and the cheer squad kept the crowd motivated., August 2014
125,5.0,Sit with the cheers quad.,, October 2014
126,5.0,Amazing fun!,, October 2014
127,5.0,Great fun!,"So much fun to watch a baseball game in Seoul.  Stadium was easy to get to via subway, plenty of concessions in and outside the stadium, prices were reasonable, enthusiastic fans and fun to watch cheerleaders.", September 2014
128,5.0,Baseball Game,Korean baseball is an experience all by itself...they have cheerleaders and each batter have their own theme song. I love baseball but this is something all on its own...the enthusiasm of the fans is awesome, July 2014
129,4.0,Great Korean experience of an American past time!,"I'm not a big baseball fan, but I thoroughly enjoyed going to a game here! The crowds and fans showed their loyalty through lots of synchronized participation. There was lots of chanting and air motions that everyone did to support their team of choice. It made it very exciting to be there! Despite the fact that our seats were closer to the top of the stadium, we had a great view of the beautiful stadium, mountains, and a skyline as it got dark. I didn't see any drunken/rowdy fans that I've encountered during baseball games back home, which proved how family friendly this place is. Plus, the bathrooms were very clean and there was even a Smoothie King inside the stadium, which was a nice treat during the first innings of the game. Plus, guests are allowed to bring outside food into the stadium, which I could advise to do. Vendors even sell in bags and pre-packed boxes for your convenience!", August 2014
130,4.0,Baseball with cheerleaders!,Watching a game in Korea is super fun because of the songs and general atmosphere of the stadium. Food is reasonably priced as is beer and other refreshments., August 2014
131,4.0,Baseball,the game was very exciting and the spectators wre fascinating! It was wonderful., August 2014
132,5.0,A super fun experience!,, May 2014
133,4.0,what a weather,, August 2014
134,5.0,We are now Doogan Bears fans,This was great fun. Get there early to get good tickets but they are cheap as is food and drinks. You can also bring your own beer. The fans get right into the game and you can't help but get swepted up into their enthusiasm. Clear highlight of Seoul., August 2014
135,5.0,One of the campest things I have ever seen ... a MUST visit,, August 2014
136,5.0,A lot of fun!,"This was truly a lot of fun going to a baseball game. You can buy your snacks and drinks outside the stadium and bring them into the game. I would suggest getting all your stuff from a single person outside for better deals on food, beer, etc. and they will sincerely appreciate your business. In terms of tickets pay a little bit more to get on the baselines thats where all the action is. Not to mention the outfield was over capacity.", September 2013
137,5.0,Baseball in Korea,"What an atmosphere. Koreans definitely take their baseball games in differently from Americans. There was non stop cheering, every fan seemed like a diehard one, and everyone seemed to be having an amazing time. I really can't give the atmosphere justice by describing it here in a review. Look it up on YouTube or see the excitement for yourself. The prices were a bit high, even for Korean standards, and the stadium itself is old and not aesthetically pleasing, but those are very minor problems. I strongly recommend anyone to go regardless on your like or dislike for baseball.", August 2013
138,5.0,Great atmosphere,, July 2014
139,5.0,Go if you like baseball. Go if you don't.,"You really don't have to be into baseball to enjoy this game.  Gather up your friends, pick a team, and enjoy the hype and cheers and cheerleaders... And yes, some baseball, too.  It's a cheap day out, made even more so by the food and drinks that you can buy right at the subway station and bring inside.  As you're unlikely to care whether LG or Samsung wins the game, there's no let-down regardless of the outcome, so it's a win-win day!", September 2013
140,5.0,baseball in Korea is a different experience,"The home team lost 8-0 but almost everyone stayed and cheered enthusiastically   the whole time! If you have never been to a game in Korea, you will love the cheerleader, the fans and the dancers. Don't miss the opportunity.", July 2014
141,5.0,A must for any baseball fan,, June 2014
142,4.0,Great atmosphere,"We went to a game recently while in seoul. Price start at 8,000 won.  We paid 12,000won each and got front row tickets. You can buy food and drinks within the stadium. Atmosphere was great. Game lasted over 3 hours so good value for money. And our team won!!", June 2014
143,4.0,exciting,LG: DooSan match is really exciting. Closed by subway station., June 2014
144,5.0,Great experience,"Easy to get tickets for the baseball pre -game , amazing atmosphere and sights.Well worth an evening.", June 2014
145,4.0,Go Doosan!,"I don't like baseball, but everyone kept telling me that I have to go to a baseball game in Korea. Well they were right. It's nothing like baseball in The States. Koreans are serious about baseball and soccer, and the cheers, music, and chicken are just as important as the game. It's energizing to be in Jamsil Stadium cheering on the teams. I still don't like baseball, but I enjoyed myself there. I even bought a jersey. Go Bears!", August 2013
146,5.0,Super fun...if you have time.,"One of the best experiences in Korea (for an American) was a Korean baseball game. Didn't matter who won, it was a good time. This is for sports enthusiasts in the summer or people staying longer than 4 days. Culturally, its not a must see- but a lot of fun if you have time to go and time to explore. :)", July 2013
147,4.0,Even if you're not a baseball fan..,"Professional baseball game in Korea is something different from that of America, and for that reason alone it is worth a visit if you're in town during the season. There are 10 professional teams in Korea, and oddly enough, Jamsil Baseball Stadium is the home to two Seoul-based teams- LG Twins and Doosan Bears. Unlike American ballparks where most spectators are home fans, Korean ballparks are divided into both home and visiting team's fans, as Korea is fairly small country. 1st base side is where home fans sit, and 3rd base side is where visiting team's fans sit, and you will notice this as each side has their own cheerleading team, complete with female cheerleaders and a male head cheerleader who leads fans to sing along to each players' anthem and help out with dance routines. It is pretty noisy and they keep doing it even when pitcher's pitching, so it could get annoying, but it is a part of Korean baseball culture. Try to get into its groove and sing and dance along with fans, that's half the fun in itself. Jamsil is the biggest ballpark in Korea and while it's little bit old and rusted, a great place to soak up korean brand of baseball. Have fun!", June 2014
148,5.0,Korean pro baseball is unlike anything you've seen,"Maybe you were on the fence about going to a Korean pro baseball game. How different could it be, you say? Go. You won't regret it. Take the subway and get off at the Sports Complex stop. It dumps you right into the outside of the stadium. It's impossible to miss it. Walk up to the ticket booth and get some cheap seats, the $12 red section seats in the 200 level are great because they're in the middle of the action. But first, peruse the thriving street market set up in the parking lot for something to eat to bring into the game. Or pick up a few cans of beer. Not brave enough to try street food, they've got KFC and Burger King at the stadium. Once you're in, its like nothing you've ever seen. The baseball is fun to watch, high-minor league level with lots of offense, but its the fans who are the real show. The stadium is split in two with the first base line supporting the home team and the third base line supporting the visitor. There are competing cheering squads staked out at the base of the 200 levels urging their partisans on and the crowd offers up chants and correographed cheers to the booming sounds of club and rock music. What a spectacle.", June 2014
149,4.0,Great atmosphere. Loads of snacks.,Easy accessibility via the trains. Tickets are affordable. We watched the Doosan bears face off against the NC dinos. The atmosphere is great! And there are so many snacks to choose from. There are even guys wit chilled backpacks of beer walking around to sell beer., June 2014
150,4.0,Great baseball,High quality baseball.  Lots of fun.  Not just peanuts and popcorn to eat.  The fans are very active during the game., July 2013
151,5.0,Great time,Had a great time watching the game. easy trip on the subway. Its an interesting variation on the American version of the game! A must do!, March 2014
152,5.0,A Unique Experience!,, October 2013
153,5.0,Not Your Typical Baseball Experience,"The fan experience at a baseball game in Seoul is incredible.  The atmosphere is more like a European soccer match with the crowd chanting and singing.  There's also cheerleaders that lead the crowd and they make the most noise when their team is up to bat, which is quite the contrast to baseball in the U.S.  Definitely check out baseball game in Seoul if you get the chance.  So glad we did.", April 2014
154,5.0,Go!,Baseball in Korea is not to be missed. The show in the stands is almost as fun as the game! Tickets are cheap! So is food and beer!, April 2014
155,5.0,You must take in a game at least once in Seoul!,, April 2014
156,5.0,Really epic for a baseball game.,"They got Power Ranger Cheerleaders! OH MY GOSH! IT WAS CRAZY! I've never had soooo much fun at a baseball game, and I liked staring at the drunk foreigners. Most cheap and entertaining game I've ever seen even though I don't like Baseball! hahahahaha.", April 2013
157,5.0,Amazing Experience,Attending a Korean baseball game is an experience unlike any other baseball game you have ever attended. The Koreans redefine the idea of exuberant fans and the atmosphere in the stadium is absolutely amazing. I am not much of a baseball fan but still thoroughly enjoyed my visit to Jamsil Stadium and am planning to visit again before I leave Korea., July 2013
158,5.0,"Best thing to do in Seoul by far. Stop thinking about it, just go.",, May 2013
159,5.0,The stadium which attracts people all over the world,, November 2013
160,5.0,baseball stadium,Soooo much fun!  Chanting and cheering between fans..so much energy!  Much cheaper than tickets in the United tates.  Can bring in your own food and drink., December 2013
161,4.0,Always fun and nice,Parking like most stadiums isn't easy and there is lots of traffic on the way out like all stadiums so public transportation/subways is always a plus.  Lots of fast food and other restaurants.  Most seats are great and games are always fun no matter what team you are rooting for., October 2013
162,4.0,If you get a chance you have to check out a baseball game...,I have been in Korea for 5 years and i catch a game as much as i can.. The price is cheap and its an experience in itself.. They purchase plastic bats that you fills with air and you band them together instead of clapping. This is non stop through the whole game and the fans are into the game and they cheer and to the wave and its full of energy. I am a Doosan Bears fan so i love to watch them against another good team. We purchase chicken and beer and eat at our seats with everyone else doing the same. Its alot of fun and you never get bored.. Check it out and catch baseball fever!!, August 2013
163,5.0,See korean baseball,"Korean baseball is more like a European football match or NHL hockey game in fan cheering and participation.  You can bring your own food and beer inside, which is a great thing, and keeps the costs way down compared to overpriced USA concessions.  You can even leave mid game and get more beer and snacks from various vendors and carts outside and come back in with your ticket stub, so no need to carry in a twelve pack and three pizzas all at once.  The fan interest is fun to see, flags waving and stadium wide chants and camaraderie.  Having many teams play in the same city creates a lot of rivalries within family and friends.  The game itself is a little less refined than an MLB game.  Think wild pitches and fielding errors rather than a perfectly pitched game, but that makes if fun to watch.", October 2013
164,5.0,A Must-Do in Korea,This is a great attraction in seoul and I highly recommend going to at least one baseball game while you're spending time in Seoul! The energy in the stadium is like no where else in Seoul! Such a great time and not very expensive! I highly recommend you grab some friends and make a day out of this great activity., June 2013
165,4.0,Baseball at a fevor pitch,"Koreans love baseball. They absolutely love baseball and it is a social event. Go the game and inevitably share soju and make a new friend. There is no way around it. The crowds are crazy, completely into it and cheer most for the home team.", May 2013
166,5.0,What an experience!,"Another must see in Seoul. We managed to turn up at 2pm to buy tickets for a 5pm game. One of the biggest atmospheres I have ever experienced at a sporting event. Buy a shirt, support a team and hope that they win! (luckily mine did). Go here.", September 2013
167,5.0,Stumbled upon a great game,We were looking around the grounds of the 1988 Olympic stadium when we heard a road of cheering at a nearby stadium.  We decided to look into what was going on and learned it was a baseball game.  We bought cheap tickets and sat with the Bears fans.  Wow - the fans are so into the game!  They all knew the chants and were loving every minute.  I recommend attending (if only for a few innings) if there is a game on., September 2013
168,3.0,Korean Baseball,"Interesting to see baseball from another culture. The fans are as rapid as Japanese fans with the similar routing rituals. The tickets are cheap, you can bring in your own food and beer and the baseball is good (but the games are very long). Surprisingly, the field itself is poor and the facility isn't all that well maintained. I enjoyed it but was surprised at the quality of the stadium.", August 2013
169,5.0,well maintained stadium,The stadium built for 1988 Seoul Olympics is in excellent shape and well maintained. The star gallery brings nostalgia of earlier Games. The track which saw a couple of World and Olympic records is hot and live. Must see for sports lovers., August 2013
170,5.0,"Korean Baseball, a worthwhile experience",If you visit Korea you must see a Korean baseball game.  The experience is entirely different from an american baseball game., September 2013
171,5.0,When in Seoul...go to the Baseball!,, June 2013
172,5.0,Watched a baseball game there and its an experience,Its a well built stadium in central area and its fun to watch a live match with enthusiastic crowds egging on their team . also food is good in the vicinity of stadium, October 2012
173,5.0,Go Doosan!,"Went for a Doosan Bears baseball game and had a brilliant time. The atmosphere from outside the gates was brilliant with beer and pizza for sale. Inside was great too! Baseball is not really my bag, but a cheap and cheerful alternative to the cinema.", May 2013
174,5.0,High energy and exciting--far from U.S. expectations,, August 2013
175,5.0,Best pro baseball experience,, August 2013
176,4.0,A day at the Baseball,The 1988 olympic baseball stadium as an exhibition sport during that tournament is a great venue to watch baseball. However dont expect to have people run up food or drinks up to you like in the US or in Japan. Very much get it yourself service really., July 2013
177,5.0,wow must do thing!,"I was amazed of how buzzing this place was totally bonkers in the most amazing way, being from the UK we I haven't seen any baseball or understood the rules however I enjoyed every minute of this encounter well worth the visit!", September 2012
178,4.0,Fun times,"I had a great time there.  I was my first Korean baseball game.  The stadium is somewhat dated, but its the fans that make it fun.", July 2013
179,5.0,High Energy!,Baseball is alive and well in Korea! Seats and food are cheap by American standards. Lots of positive energy and HOT CHEERLEADERS!!! Highly recommended!, May 2013
180,5.0,pick a side,, May 2013
181,5.0,What an awesome crowd!,, June 2013
182,5.0,Highlight of my seoul trip,, June 2013
183,5.0,Amazing time with baseball fans,It has a great atmosphere esepecially summer time like nowadays. I went to the stadium to cheer for Doosan with friends. Awesome. Good time with chicken and beer. And also good location taking only 2mins from the subway line2., May 2013
184,5.0,A Great Time on a Sunny Evening,"The tickets are cheap (compared to US prices), and the stadium itself feels intimate even in the outfield. (The outfield tickets are only 8,000 won, and it's free seating wherever you'd like in the section! Nice!) There are some good options for food, but the games' starting at", May 2013
185,4.0,Fantastic Atmosphere amid Excited Fans,I had never been to a baseball match before and I am not up on a the rules and plays but had a great time.  I really enjoyed being with the home supporters and enjoyed their enthusiastic support of the Doosan Bears. The night was made even better because the Bears had a, April 2013
186,4.0,Too Much Fun,Forget the baseball... we watched Twins against someone else... i have no idea about baseball... but the CROWD! I have never seen so many people have so much fun singing and cheering... we bought tickets off soe dude outside the stadium... , May 2013
187,5.0,"Fun, local experience","The game is nothing like we have ever experienced before! The cheers paired with the energy and intensity of the crowd makes for a very fun, unique experience.   We bought tickets the day of (on a Friday night). Reccomend getting to the park close to game time. Bring food or buy", April 2013
188,5.0,"Amazing atmosphere, fun experience","We went to a Doosan Bears game last night. It was great fun - the crowd is so passionate - lots of chants, singing and dancing (you can see videos on YouTube). Our tickets were 12,000 won to sit around first base. You can bring your own food and drinks, but the prices inside the", May 2013
