,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,This is a holy place for Catholics,"This is a holy place for Korean Catholics. 8,000 Korean Catholics were executed there for their faith in 1866, who were beheaded, their bodies thrown into the nearly river.  29 of these Catholics have been canonized as saints; these martyrs have been enshrined in the", November 2019
1,5.0,Peaceful,"Easy to get to on subway. As i arrived church goer invited me into mass and found reading in english on her phone for me. Very welcoming and sweet. She then took me to crypt where people were honoring martyrs and then swept me to museum where i was greeted by a a wonderful knowledgeable guide. Wonderful serene grounds , plenty of gardens for quiet reflection. I then walked down river to mapo area full of nice restaurants. Will return.", March 2019
2,5.0,Nice Catholic Site,We applied for the tour at the website and we got an English fluent tour guide who guided us around Jeoldusan. She explained us about Korean Catholic history and martyrdom and also about Jeoldusan itself. We also had a good time meeting the head priest of the church and he was really nice to us!, July 2018
3,5.0,Religious visit,, June 2017
4,1.0,Sad and disappointing,"This used to be one of my favourite places to go back to or just take a walk at and I thought it was really nice that they wanted to honor the memory of the Catholic missionaries. That changed today when I discovered an 'anti-foreign' monument stating that Westerners are barbarians and (local) people should do everything to avoid them and their culture. I mean, it's ironic since Christianity has been already introduced to Korea for a few hundreds of years now and it's widely spread. Isn't Christianity a part of Western culture in a sense? The order mentioned on the monument might be really old but the monument itself and the park around is not, so people deliberately put it there and didn't find anything wrong with it. I think everyone should know this before they decide to visit this place.", December 2016
5,4.0,Solemn Place Dedicated To Catholic Missionaries,"Catholics were persecuted in Korea during the 1800's.  The shrine is dedicated to those early missionaries and clergy who were persecuted for practicing and spreading the Catholic faith.  I have to say that Koreans take the faith very seriously and I was surprised to see even young people there. There were quite a lot of people on a Monday afternoon. Even if you aren't Catholic,  its a nice place to stroll,  walk around,  and look out to the Han river.  The grounds are immaculate and you feel worlds away from the hustle and bustle of Seoul.  Once you're done,  the Mecenatpolis Mall is a short walk away and you can do a little shopping to boot.", October 2016
6,4.0,Worth the visit to a haunting memorial...,"It is easy to forget that less than 150 yeas ago, Christians were executed in mass here in Korea. The shrine is a fitting reminder of how far the nation has come.  When combined with a walk through the cemetery of foreigners, it makes for a truly spiritual experience. Definitely a place to visit in Seoul.", October 2015
7,4.0,Keep the faith,"A great place to learn about the History of the Catholic church in korea, the Martyrs who shed blood for the Church. Very Easy to find.", January 2014
8,3.0,shrine of Korean Catholic,, March 2013
9,3.0,Important Site for Catholics,, March 2012
10,5.0,Tranquil and Heavenly,Its a great place to visit especially for Catholics. A volunteer guide will be assigned to each tour group. They will walk you through the rich history of the beginnings of the Korean church., September 2011
