,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,"Amazing, traditional and easy to follow for foreigners!","I am so happy that I could see this before leaving Korea! All performers were amazing, the sets, costumes and production was beautiful! They also make audience part of the experience which is always welcomed. I would definately recommend this to everyone. Wery special", December 2019
1,5.0,Stunning,"Our visit to the Jeongdong Theatre was the highlight of our trip to Korea.We saw ""The Palace: Tale of Jang Noksu"".The grace and artistry of the performers is gripping.It is a microcosm of Korean culture.The theatre is 15 minute walk from the Gyeongbokgung Palace and the Royal", August 2019
2,4.0,A very entertaining and high-tech performance,"While this is a very commercial presentation, it is very high quality, and performed by very talented people.  Well worth including in your visit to get a taste of Korean music and dance.", October 2018
3,5.0,Entertaining Show,"I saw ""The Palace"" show with my friends. The show is a story about a king and his concubine. It's easy to understand because there aren't a lot if dialogue and they have subtitle in English, Chinese, and Japanese for foreigners.", April 2019
4,4.0,Entertaining and amazing cultural show,"I thoroughly enjoyed this 75 minute “The Palace” performance which was easy to understand and follow, in part due to the expressive acting, but also the English narrative provided on the screen to the side of the stage. Interesting folktale told with imagination and style. Wow!", May 2019
5,4.0,Good place to rest on travel near,"C ( 19.05.08 )  Though I didn't see play in this theater, but the inside was good place to rest. The theater was located in B1, and the floor was cafe and place to rest. The floor had wide space and sculpture. If travel on this area, there would be good place to make a pause.", May 2019
6,5.0,Extraordinary experience,"Very nice experience, I would suggest to everyone visiting Seoul to book a ticket for performance in this theater. It was nicely done, good artistic performances and fun, all in one. We have got the cheapest tickets, but the view was still very good.", March 2019
7,5.0,Traditional Korean Theatre Beautifully Done,"We saw ""The Palace"" at Jeongdong Theatre and were blown away by the performance. I am a high school drama teacher, so I'm often looking to see traditional pieces when we travel. This theatre didn't disappoint. The small venue has nothing but excellent seating - there isn't a bad", July 2018
8,5.0,Fascinating traditional Korean Theatre,"I saw the afternoon production 'The Palace' in July 2018.  It is a traditional type story beautifully performed in traditional costume.  It is all dance, music and mime so there is no language issue and it is accessible to all.  At the beginning screens on each side of the stage", July 2018
9,5.0,Amazing and spectacular performance of traditional Korean culture!,"This was probably one of the best performances I've ever seen. It's like a historical K-drama come to life, but even better and more engaging. Every scene was suspenseful and kept me at the edge of my seat. As a foreigner, it was easy to follow the story as this is a non-verbal", April 2018
10,5.0,A modern Theater in Seoul,"What an amazing experience... we watched a theatrical performance play "" Lotus - a flower comes out once more"". The story is told with beautiful and splendid music and dances. The performers and their outfits were superb. Not to miss if you're in Seoul.", May 2017
11,5.0,Terrific Performance,"I attended a performance of  ""Lotus"" last night. It was excellent. The performers are obviously highly trained professionals and the production values were very high as the costumes, lighting and set were really good. The sorcerer's dance and the Queen's struggling with jealousy", October 2017
12,5.0,Real art,"I just watched ""Lotus"" last night. It was so good that my friend and I was really satisfied. The dancer/actors are professionals. The witch's dance with power , beauty, and mystery impressed me most.", August 2017
13,2.0,Disappointed ,Was recommended by a local. However I am disappointed towards Youll. Predictable storyline. Over price for the experience., November 2016
14,3.0,An improvement from Miso....,I last attended a performance at this theatre two years ago to see a performance called miso... it was really boring... can see that they have tried to improve and although it is hard to make opera interesting it is a good effort....the show shows how boring it would have been, October 2016
15,5.0,Youll a magical and wonderful show,"I've just seen the show Youll and I wanted to share with you my thought : AMAZING !!! A little theater, a little troup but what a splendid show !! The original soundtrack, the acting, the costumes, the stage set everything was perfect ! I wish they can produce in Paris really", September 2016
16,4.0,An entertaining night,"(Youll) A short performance with a simple straightforward story, but the acting and performers are fantastic. A good way to spend a few hours during a night in Seoul.", July 2016
17,4.0,Youll Show - Traditional Mixed with Contempory,"The MISO Show has ended and now playing is Youll.  Easy to follow with the English subtitles on one side of the stage. Dramatic lighting, dance, pantomime, contemporary music mixed in with the traditional, and energy of the actors will keep you captivated throughout.  Good", June 2016
18,4.0,Youll show - nicely performed - great for children,"I enjoyed the Youll show, although I thought it was best suited to a young audience.  I had hoped for more traditional dancing and costuming, but this was a traditional story given a modern twist.  Easy to follow, with English phrasing on boards at the side of the stage.  I'm a", May 2016
19,5.0,"Excellent show, highly recommended","We saw a flyer for the show Youll at Jeongdong theatre and were apprehensive. Not speaking Korean we were worried we wouldn't have a clue what was going on, but the show itself was very easy to follow - there wasn't a lot of dialogue but the majority of it had English (and", June 2016
20,5.0,Youll show was great!,A great way to experience traditional Korean music and dance in a contemporary setting. Highly recommended!, May 2016
21,4.0,Great Blend of traditional meets Ballet and Martial Arts,"Great Quaint Theater a Tucked away near Palace walls. We showed up to a surprise free concert in the courtyard. Blues, rock and Jazz with an open coffee shop and bar on two levels to the side and lots of open seating. Very pleasant for a date or with family. The performance in", May 2016
22,5.0,Amazing Show,This was an unexpected stop while out with friends and it turned out to be one of the highlights of our Korea trip. Definitely stop in and see a show!, April 2016
23,5.0,Pure Perfection and Joy,"I was on a trip to Asia, 8 countries and 14 cities and had the fortune of assisting to some shows in cities like Seul, Tel Aviv and Istambul and I have to say and share that the MISO show that presents Korean traditions, dance, drama en aesthetics is a must! Pure colorful", December 2015
24,5.0,Story of Secretary Bae,"Just left an outstanding performance of traditional Korean theatre art which was seamlessly interwoven with modern digital graphics. The Story of Secretary Bae was offered in pansori style (a Korean singing introduction) with English, Chinese, and Japanese subtitles on side", December 2015
25,5.0,Breath taking traditional stories in theater,"It was in the evening of our second day in Seoul that went to this theater. The way it was performed was fantastic , the stage and the lightings left no questions . It is about the ancient stories and myths and they have all been given life and brought to life by the", October 2015
26,5.0,Amazing,"This is a theatrical experience lasting around 1.5 hours, there is a narrator singing at points in Korean, however, there is a screen offering English subtitles through the performance. All the actors are in traditional Korean dress offering a cultural blast of dance and", September 2015
27,5.0,great  show,Last  night  was  my  second  time  at this  show .  I saw  the  performance  10 years  ago  when  the  now director was the star of  the  show .  Great  dancing  with  music . The  finale is rousing  and I  defy any  body  to not  feel  the drums  during  the  ending . Don't , April 2015
28,5.0,Must-Watch Play: Miso Baebijang-jeon @ Jeongdong Theater,"Last May 2014, I was able to watch a popular traditional Korean play at Jeongdong Theater called Miso. Miso, a Korean word that means “beautiful smile” or “magandand ngiti” in Filipino. Miso is the No. 1 Korean Traditional Arts Performance loved by people from all over the", May 2014
29,5.0,Traditional & Colorful Korean Performance,"If you are interested in traditional Korean music and dance, this performance is for you. This musical performance is for everyone including those who don't speak Korean. Although it is entertaining for adults, my 3 years old seems bored and luckily didn't make any noise", April 2014
30,5.0,So worth the time!,"I was on my first day in Seoul and jet lagged up to my eyeballs. This colorful, lively performance will get you going. Traditional instruments and garb. I don't speak an ounce of Korean but not a problem.  It's a small theatre....can't imagine any bad seats.", November 2013
31,4.0,"Entertaining, beautiful, interactive.",The Chongdong Theater is a cozy small theater. You probably have a good view on the stage from nearly every seat. However I wouldn't go for the front rows as you really have to look up the entire time. We were on the fifth row in the middle which was just excellent. The musical, October 2013
32,4.0,Korean culture experience..,You can have very various Korean music on this theater., August 2012
33,5.0,Don't miss this!,The Chongdong Theater provides a wonderful cultural experience (although a bit on the loud side).  I enjoyed being able to see and hear the traditional musical instruments and dances.  , May 2013
34,5.0,Something very Different.,"Really enjoyed the show - good music, great costumes, easy to understand. Some bits felt like a Korean version of Gilbert and Sullivan!  We found the website for booking online a bit clunky so went to the box office to buy tickets - didn't open til 3pm - the 4pm show was already", April 2013
35,5.0,Great musical to know a little more abt ancient Korea,Loved the musical. Like the love story. Was touched. The actor and actresses took photos after the show. Live singing n playing of instruments reminded me of broadway shows. Those who love broadway will definitely like this., October 2012
36,4.0,Great show,"In the Chongdong Theater the show running in August 2011 is Miso - an Original Korean Musical. The place was packed and you could tell everybody had a great night. The show is spectacular and a nice introduction to part of Korean culture, beautiful choreagraphy, lightning,", August 2011
