,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Interesting hidden place overlooked by tourist,"When it comes to seeing Seoul city from the upper view, most people will go to Namsan tower or Seoul Sky. But this Jeongdong observatory surprisingly is a place that over a beautiful view of Deoksugung Palace, the cafe on the 13th fl. is a relaxing place to sit while sipping", October 2019
1,5.0,Lovely Treat,I walked past this Seoul City Hall Seosomun building and curiosity made me go inside and up to the 13the floor. The view of Jeongdong in this observatory is awesome. It seems like you don't have to buy any beverage or dessert in the cafe inside to see the view.  I walked in and, October 2019
2,5.0,Hidden gem,"Took a while to find, but it’s basically to the left of Daehanmun. Just walk down the path and you see a City Hall building to your left. Walk towards it and there will be signs pointing you to the observatory. The view here is great and there is not a lot of people even on a", June 2019
3,3.0,Seoul City Hall Annex 13F.  good whole view of Deoksugung Palace,"C ( 19.05.08 )  This observatory was Seoul City Hall Annex 13F that opened for citizen. And there could see whole view of Deoksugung Palace and a part of Seoul city.  But there was just high floor in building rather than observatory, I think. The inside was crowded many people,", May 2019
4,4.0,Little hidden gem in Seoul,"This observatory is located inside an office building, on 13th floor. It's a nice place for sipping a cup of coffee/tea while enjoying the view of Deoksugung and some parts of Seoul's city skyline.", March 2019
5,5.0,Great views with good tea,"This was worth a visit.  In the lobby of the building it might look like only government officials are allowed to go up the elevators, but don't let this dissuade you.  We were able to go up and take in great views of Deoksugung Palace and the city while enjoying hot tea. ", November 2018
6,4.0,Hidden gem near Deoksugung Palace,This is the observatory next to Deoksugung Palace. Not that many people know this place. It's great to look down the palace and Jongro District.  How to get: It's on the 13th floor of City Hall Annex. After 3~5 min of the road on the left of Daehanmun(the main gate of, December 2018
7,5.0,Beautiful Little Cafe With Magnificent Views of Seoul,"This is a nice little spot on the 13th floor inside Seosomun building in downtown Seoul, that is getting more popular as it gets known.   When we went on a weekday afternoon about 1 plus pm, it was crowded with people who were there to get a lunchtime drink and views of", November 2018
8,5.0,great view and great coffee,"One of my Korean friends recommended me this place as I loved deoksugung it was so lovely there were no seats left by the window but when someone moved we got a spot, the girl serving the coffee was also lovely and the coffee was very nice!", December 2017
9,5.0,Great views from high up and for free,"The observatory is open from 9 AM - 9 PM on weekdays, and 9 AM - 6 PM on weekends. We went out of Exit 1 of the Seoul City Hall Station, Line 1. With Deoksugung Palace on your right, follow the path on the left until you find the Seosomun Building. The front entrance was closed", July 2018
10,4.0,A wonderful hidden gem!,This a small cafe that overlooks Deoksu Palace that I didn’t know about even after 14 years of living in Korea!  Positives: 1) A great view of Deoksu Palace 2) Decent coffee 3) Close to the station   Negatives: 1) The seats aren’t very comfortable 2) The cafe is a bit small 3) A, August 2018
11,5.0,Perfect hidden gem,This was such a wonderful find with a perfect view of modern and old Seoul at the same time. The coffee was also excellent and there are spaces to sit to enjoy the view whilst drinking coffee or to sit at around small table if you need to do work away from the view. , January 2018
12,5.0,"Great view, good coffee","This place was on the 13th floor of an annex of the Seoul City Hall. I had originally read about a coffee shop with a view in Seoul City Hall, but couldn't find it. This place is not in the main part of the City Hall! Head down the small street at the side of the Deoksugung", January 2018
13,5.0,Panaromic view of the city centre with a cup of coffee,"A good place to rest your feet after ambling about at Deoksugung Palace.  Entry to the observatory is free, and you can unwind with a cup of coffee by the window, watching the world go by, and soaking in the great view of the city.", December 2017
14,3.0,Worth of visit,This place is on 13th floor of Seoul City Hall. Just next south to Deoksung Palace - it’s not inside of palace walls. Free entry and from 13th floor you will find affordable cafeteria. Easy to visit even for a short time. Nice view.  , November 2017
15,4.0,Great spot,"Marvellous viewpoint overlooking the palace. Despite being free, not packed, although difficult to find (walk along the wall until you see the government building; door is on the right hand side of the building). Little signage in English so follow the locals. Well worth a visit", January 2017
16,5.0,Amazing,"This view is amazing. One of the best i ever had in Seoul. Is free, there is a small gift shop and coffee shop as well. This place should be well known and isn't.", December 2016
17,5.0,Amazing View of Deoksugung (Palace) and Pretty Good Coffee,"This attraction is a bit hard to find, and only open on weekends, but it gives you an amazing view of the centre of Seoul right from it's heart.   If you go down the road that goes from the left of the main entrance to Deoksugung Palace you will see a large building on your", November 2014
