,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Love the Experience,"Entrance: Free Closed: First Monday of month Take the subway to National Assembly Station, Exit 4. Walk straight then turn right and walk straight again. KBS building is located at the end of the road. Get inside the building towards the hall. SUBWAY: 27mins: Euljiro 1 -8", December 2018
1,4.0,My mini family vacation ,We came back to Seoul after a yr visit & we visited Kbs On since we are a fan of kdrama.We went there late afternoon where at first we went to the main building.It was only us that time & our girl left her pokemon and when my husband want to check it back it was already close☺️, July 2017
2,5.0,Must experience!,"KBS broadcasting company has an interactive areas where visitors are allowed. Outside of the KBS building, you can see live radio broadcasting through large windows. We saw Cho,Sung Mo that day. We walked at our leisure and took photos with the poster of Song, Joong Ki from", December 2016
3,4.0,Picture taking,"Visited this place because my companion are kdrama addict, it's walking distance from the train station, you might get confuse so keep on asking. You can take pictures outside the hall and nothing more. But if you are not fond of kdrama don't bother to visit this place.", July 2017
4,2.0,Not worth it,"I love Korean dramas but when I was there, we kinda got to the main building instead of this one. The security and information peeps at the desk were quite rude. Didn't really direct us on where this building is. Anywhoooo....  The building itself wasn't fun at all. Yes you can", October 2016
5,5.0,must visit if hardcore KBS fan,free admission. but literally nothing to do here besides taking pictures and pretending you're anchor in their studio.  the only interesting place is that you can see radio broadcast (from outside) below the kbs on building. the radio dj is usually announcer or singer.  but my, April 2016
6,4.0,This is where the Korean Soap Operas are produced,"An interesting place with indoor folk villages, streets and buildings from the 1960's to the later Chosun dynasty. Ceiling lights galore, a room full of fake body parts, posters of heroines and heroes of Korean dramas, large photos of honored actors/actresses.  Special effects", October 2015
7,3.0,Quite Interesting,I'm a fan of KBS Korean dramas however I find this KBS On Experience Hall to be just average. I was actually more interested in the main KBS building. Haha  Admission is free to this KBS On Experience Hall and you're free to tour the place yourself if you come in group of less, April 2014
