,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Interesting,Interesting history of the korean stamps: small but abundance of history. It is not English friendly as the other museums , September 2019
1,4.0,Stamp museum in Seoul,The museum is at the basement of the post building. Good to see the history of stamps in Korea and other stamps unique to other countries, June 2019
2,3.0,Brief Visit,This museum had an interesting exhibition of Korean cultural and historic stamps. The miniature exhibition of the various parts of the Korean Postal service was fascinating. Although it was informative the museum organization was better suited for small children., June 2019
3,4.0,Stamp fans ,Can diy own stamps here with a small stamp store. Interesting for stamp fans. It has a library of all stamps issued by Korea Post. , April 2019
4,5.0,Nice!,"Good Place! Located in Myeong-dong, in the heart of Seoul, the Seoul Central Post Office goes beyond the capabilities of a regular post office by offering simultaneous ", March 2019
5,4.0,Quite Nice if You Like Stamps,"A great spot to visit if you are into the subject matter.  It obviously contains a whole lot of stamps.  There are stamps from around the world, as well as a comprehensive collection of Korean postage (including the very first stamps issued in the country).  For a reasonable fee", May 2018
6,5.0,Love Stamps? A Fun and Interactive Place,"Welcome to Stamp World! Formerly the Korean stamp museum, Stamp World is a fun, interactive museum housed in the main post office in Seoul. Not only is it filled with historical information, but it is also an interactive fun place to go - especially for kids. There are wooden", December 2016
7,2.0,Great if you love stamps,"I would think this to be a ridiculous place but to each his own. Had this been a sports cards museum, I would have been super excited and other people might think it is so boring so we all have our own preferences. I wasn’t disappointed because we didn’t know we were going to", February 2016
8,5.0,A must for philatelists!,"All I wanted was to buy a few stamps from the post office, and when I saw the sign for museum, it was a moment of great joy!  Inside, you will see the history of stamps all over the world, not only in Korea; and samples from other countries, as well as extra-ordinary ones. There", June 2015
