,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Living in this neighborhood ,University and working life can’t be the same for sure. The campus has best scenery on fall when the leaves turn into a colorful scenery. , April 2019
1,5.0,Amazing winter like in Europe,"Guys... if you wanna feel something different in your winter vacation, just visit one of the best universities in South Korea, Korea University. After snow fall, go directly to Korea University Station (Line 6) exit 1 and go to the main campuss... its such a wonderful white", December 2018
2,4.0,Good university with cozy atmosphere,"C ( 17.10.26 )  This university was located in downtown, so the ground was not bigger than I think. There was good for stroll with cozy atmosphere. There had modern and Gothic building, so the harmony was good to me.", October 2017
3,5.0,Beautiful grounds.,"I am currently on exchange at KU, and have been studying here since February. I have been lucky enough to see four seasons on this campus and I can guarantee no matter which time you come, you will have a lovely time exploring. There are some great photo opportunities here as", October 2017
4,4.0,Education place at Seoul,"I visited at during week-end. Easy to access, you can walk, visit main building (underground level) students working, eating, some family visiting university with their kids, no stress, good place to be calm. It is not touristic place but a heritage of education.", June 2017
5,4.0,Beautiful scenery,"I'm currently studying in Korea University for the summer (June-August), and I'm enjoying my time here very much. Buildings are not only well constructed, they are also rather amazing and grand. Couples can take nice photos (even wedding photos!) in front of Inchon Memorial", July 2017
6,4.0,Vast ground,Situated on its own hill. Korea University runs its own shuttle service into campus. I took a taxi there.  I also found out this university is serviced by airport bus. Good to explore the grounds of one famous university in Seoul. , May 2016
7,4.0,Beautiful architecture ,"Took a walk around this university with my boyfriend after our lunch at a nearby restaurant. It is such a huge university and the architectures are very beautiful. It is very well built and modern. There are some cafes, fast food restaurants, convenient stores, book store and", January 2016
8,5.0,Western Architecture,"Instead of korean building, here we can see a lot of western architecture. You can easily access this place as it is near to station", September 2015
9,3.0,stayed 6 weeks at this campus,I was on this capmus from June to August of 2015 for the International Summer campus. I stayed at Cj international house on campus. The dorm is awesome. Great ac for the summer weather.Overall the campus is huge with a lot of hills.  It totally do able just go up the back way by, June 2015
10,5.0,Korea University ,"I am studying in Korea University now and I think my living of study in here is quite good.Korea university is the oldest one in South Korea.It was set up in 1905 .You can see many ancient buildings with a modern inside.Studying in here is such a good rest,everything is opening", November 2015
11,5.0,Unexpected,Was doing a talk at the school.  Was thoroughly impressed by the school and grounds. Was like an impressive English University ground.  Beautiful architecture and facilities.   , September 2015
