,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,A Seoul Highlight,This was my favourite thing in Seoul. Going here was a truly unique experience. Exquisite grounds and furniture and great guides. , December 2019
1,5.0,Fantastic tour with great furniture and traditional architecture,"The furniture collection is decent and you get to know quite a few things about aristocratic life in the Joseon era. The highlight for me were the fantastically restored buildings themselves, we felt very privileged to see such beautiful surroundings, especially in such an", November 2019
2,5.0,Wonderful,Such a delightful visit. You must reserve in advance. Worth finding. Peaceful beautiful with excellent relaxed and informative tour. The view and going inside the buildings are brilliant, April 2019
3,5.0,Exclusive and Unique,"We attended the English tour, with a baby....that was a mistake. Really should be adults only. Beautiful views of the city and a nice intro into how the privileged used to live. Well worth doing.", February 2019
4,5.0,Traditional Korean wooden furniture and architecture.,If you are in South Korea you might have noticed that this is a country that really knows how to preserve the past on the streets of Seoul city. The Korea furniture museum is no exception even though this attraction is a little bit far from the metropolitan area of Seoul. Here, October 2018
5,3.0,"Unique, exquisite space/collection, let down by lacklustre tour","The space and the collection are absolutely exquisite, are presented immaculately and free from distractions. It was truly one of the best things I've seen, not only in Korea, but all of Asia on our month long trip. I'm glad to have seen it. 5/5  The tour (which is the only way", October 2018
6,5.0,More than furniture!!!,"This private museum, only accessible by appointment, has been a real discovery for me, a hidden treasure. It is a set of palatial houses recovered from various sites in Korea, which make up an architectural ensemble of great beauty. Inside there is a series of furniture from", September 2018
7,4.0,Private museum showcasing traditional Korean wooden furniture.,"A visit to this private museum must be arranged up to three days in advance via the online reservation system on their website, this way I secured the day and time that best suited our itinerary.  The museum is located on a hill not easily connected by public transport, most", April 2018
8,4.0,much more than furniture,"Don’t let the name mislead you. What this really is, is a museum of traditional Korean culture. There are stories to go with each piece of furniture and each room of the carefully reconstructed and rebuilt historic houses. A fascinating place to see how Korea envisions its", March 2018
9,5.0,Unique ,"Definitely one of the best attractions in Seoul so far. This private museum, despite its unassuming name, is surprisingly stunning and awesome. Perhaps the best-kept secret spot in the city. I’ve spent more than 1 month traveling around all the Korea peninsula and this is for", August 2017
10,5.0,"a beautiful, peaceful place","I've been there with my korean mum. It was the first time for her too and she lives in Seoul for 40 years ! The guided tour in English was very informative and the place is full of harmony and beauty, a balcony over the city. Wifes at the last G7 meeting in Seoul had lunch", May 2017
11,5.0,Hidden gem,"A beautiful private museum when you can see how Korean noble families lived in the olden days. The director of the museum has constructed traditional hanok with original room settings, complete with furniture from the era. The result is quite breathtaking and rich in history. It", April 2017
12,5.0,A small piece of Korea's history ,I went with a group for a cultural tour and was quite impressed. The guided tour was quite informative and interesting. Be sure to make a reservation in advance. , April 2017
13,5.0,Unforgettable experience,"This is definitely a hidden gem as the location is not accessible via public transport. The best way to get there is via taxi from the nearest train station. Prebooking of a tour is essential as it is only open for guided visit. If you love Korean architecture, you will surely", November 2016
14,5.0,Fantastic Collection that gives insight into Korean culture,This private museum in the hills above Seoul is a gem!!  You can only visit by making reservations in advance but highly worth it. They have brought houses from across korea to this location and have a collection of over 2000 furniture pieces with about 500 on display.  it is, November 2016
15,5.0,Hidden gem,"Stunning examples of traditional Korean architecture in a truly lovely setting. The grounds are peaceful and I felt like I was transported to another era. The furniture collection itself is quite small, though still interesting and indicative of traditional Korean life. It's not", April 2016
16,4.0,Great place to learn about Korea's History and culture,My Korean flight brought me there as it was the place that the First Lady of China visited when Xi JinPing visited Korea. The place is amazing because i never knew furniture could be so interesting.  Our English guide spoke perfect Engllsh and told stories of ancient Korea, April 2015
17,3.0,It has potential,"This museum has potential but I felt like I wanted more. The collection of ancient furniture was surprisingly small; our guide mentioned that most furniture were destroyed when their owner died which would have been a reason why the collection wasn't large.   However, the", November 2014
18,3.0,Nice,Interesting grounds with beautiful scenery. Lots of history to read about inside too. It's just a one-time visit though., August 2014
19,5.0,Absolutely wonderful,"Don't be put off by the museum's name. This museum is a glimpse into the social history of Korea, based on the material culture of the people who lived there. We had to book a few days ahead for the English-speaking tour. Our guide was exceptional - she clearly knew the", July 2014
20,5.0,A real gem,"The name ""Furniture Museum"" is misleading as it is much more than that. I learnt about the history, architecture and culture of Korea.    Although I was the only one who signed up for the tour that afternoon, they still conducted the tour.   The docent showed me around the", April 2014
21,5.0,It was very nice,"I set up a reservation for an English tour a few days in advance, not all that staff spoke English but someone called me back who did.  The tour started right on time and we walked around the outside of the facility first.  This in not like the Korean palaces where you have a", May 2014
22,5.0,Hidden gem; one of the top 3 in Seoul,"Entrance is ONLY by prior reservation. $20 entry fee is well worth what you see in this unique ""hanuk"".  The flawless English-speaking guide is well versed in the history of the royal dynasty and explains and answers all questions with ease.  The name ""Furniture Museum"" is", April 2014
23,5.0,Korean Architecture,"The title of the museum puzzled me at first, as I was thinking 'Korean furniture'?!? But aside the collection of wooden korean furniture that's very nice indeed and well explained by a lovely guide with perfect English, it is actually the architecture of the whole place that is", September 2013
24,5.0,One of My Top 3 in Seoul,"My top 3 are this, Bonguensa, and Gyeongbokgung Palace, but I like old stuff. I really couldn't decide which I liked best. This museum is quiet and polite. Be prepared to take off your shoes and quietly sit on mats, but the buildings, furniture and views are stunning. Our guide", September 2013
25,5.0,A Tour into the Past,Seoul has many lovely districts that are beyond the entrance of the average tourist.  The Korea Furniture Museum provides a glimpse into a world of luxury and also historical past.  There are English tours available at some hours of the day that explained not only the display of, September 2013
26,5.0,Real Gem,"If you have the time, do book a private guided tour to this museum.  I was fortunate to catch an English tour, which gave excellent commentary about traditional Korean architecture and design of its houses and furniture.  Every piece of house and furniture you will see is a", April 2013
