,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Great evening out (Dinner + Show),"I went to Korea House several times with my clients on business trips. The reception team has been always very professional and friendly. Set in an historical building, the Korea House is serving an extensive set menu made of several dishes and kimchi (make sure you are hungry", April 2019
1,5.0,Memorably experience!,"The hotel made a reservation for the show and they received me as if they had been waiting for me which was lovely!  The story was poignant but also filled with humour and great acting.  Scenery was incredibly well staged, impressive.  The costumes were superb.  It was a", November 2019
2,5.0,Amazing Koreans show,Amazing Koreans show And amazing traditional Korean dress with traditional music and dance I highly recommend  So nice and beautiful to see this show It's just one hour, October 2019
3,4.0,Cultural show was impressive,"The group I was with booked a dinner and cultural show at the Korea House. I had no real expectations but was pleasantly surprised at the cultural show.  The show gave you a good insight into traditional Korean dance, music, and dress - very impressive.  The dinner was a buffet.", October 2019
4,1.0,Terrible service,"We request to book a table for dinner uso y their website twice, but not response. You can check the confirmation using their site; but is always as “checking” .... they dont even bother to inform you that is full.  ", July 2019
5,5.0,"Food is good, but it’s really about the show!","I had ZERO expectations for this as a cultural show isn’t usually up my alley but someone else on our trip booked this and it ended up being a highlight from our trip. The dinner is a multi-course affair and is based on royal meals of the past. There are 3 options, and they all", June 2019
6,4.0,Korean Showcase,"Every time I travel with my wife we always spend one night watching cultural shows that represent the culture of the country we are visiting. In Seoul I think Korea House is the place. They offer different ticket options, like show and dinner, and dinner itself has different", June 2018
7,5.0,"Banquet.  Many courses, excellent food and service.",This is the second time I have eaten here.  There were 21 of us and everyone felt it to have been very good.  can't fault ti really.  Traditional Korean food in an authentic setting.  Beautifully presented and excellently served.  thanks., April 2019
8,5.0,Really great show,"I have seen thus show last month, and i think it is beautiful, elegant, highly professional , done in good taste. Go and enjoy!", April 2019
9,5.0,Excellent!  Must see,I went there with my group and we had dinner followed by the show.  It was AWESOME!  The food was fantastic and very refined and the show was a must-see.  You don't have to understand Korean as there is a narration and the action in itself was hilarious.  We had great fun and I, March 2019
10,5.0,Performance only,We did not eat at Korea House. The performance was excellent. They engaged the audience and provided an interesting story., May 2018
11,5.0,Great food and show,"It was a fabulous experience.   Our driver and guide, Paul, were very good.  Paul was very knowledgeable about the city and very polite, funny, and caring.  The dinner was great, and the show was fantastic,  although the sound was loud.  Overall the experience was very good.", April 2019
12,5.0,The coolest lunch experience I had!,"We went for a traditional meal, we didn't see the show. We initially balked at the price, but we got the mid-priced option and it was enough food. The meal was one of the best I had on the trip, and it makes for a very photogenic spread. For our weekday lunch, we were one of", February 2019
13,4.0,very entertaining show,I only did the show - did not get dinner with the show. We really enjoyed the performance which showcased many of the different traditional dances & music.  The performers were also entertaining and engaging - audience participation was a bonus :), October 2018
14,2.0,Overpriced food and ok performance,"We went for the Pansori performance and dinner last night. Most of the performance was excellent - talented musicians, dancers and performers, but there was at least 1/3 of cheesy audience participation. Tickets for this were ~£35 per person for an hour.  The bigger", November 2018
15,5.0,Lovely Dinner and a Show,"This was a graceful place, so dress nicely (Sunday best / business casual). Dinner was multiple courses -- you choose how many courses ($60 - $135 per person - read the website menu). The dinner menu described in English what each item was. Lots of small tasty bites. Be sure you", April 2018
16,2.0,Good show but annoying tourists,"We went to see a show here, without the dinner. The place is really beautiful. However they allow cellphone use during the performance, so as the show was starting, everyone of the tourists in front of us took out their phone and they were recording it all and taking pictures", September 2018
17,5.0,Wow!,"My family and I are visiting Seoul and booked a trip to Korea House. The trip includes dinner and a show. When arriving we were greeted by women in Hanbok. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming while giving you a sense of something g special to come. We were ushered to our table,", August 2018
18,5.0,"Amazing show, excellent cuisine ","The traditional performance is actually about this girl Sim Cheong, who is a filial girl that threw herself into the sea, exchanging for sacks of rice to offer to God in hope of restoring her blind father’s vision. Its a very popular folktale in  Korea. The actors were fantastic", June 2018
19,5.0,Great Show. Recommend.,My husband and I just finished with the show at Korea House in Seoul at 6:30pm. We loved it! Great performance. Recommend., June 2018
20,4.0,Great Dinner Experience,"We made our reservation via the Korea House website.  They responded in a timely manner to confirm reservation.  Also, the website provided us an opportunity to view the numerous menu choices and decide upon which dinner we would like.    The dinner/show were not cheap.  A lot", April 2018
21,4.0,"Amazing Show, Horrible Audience","The show was nothing short of spectacular. My wife and I enjoyed every second of it. However, there were bunch of Chinese business type travelers showed up way late and spoiled the flow of the show. Additionally, they had the balls to walk around the theater with their cellphone", April 2018
22,5.0,Absolutely spectacular!,"We were invited to go here by some Korean business associates. What an absolutely wonderful evening! We started of with Korean theatre and it was tremendous fun. Very easy to follow and had excellent effects. We even got to have our picture taken with the actors! After, we were", March 2018
23,5.0,Spectacular,My wife and I had our traditional Korean Wedding ceremony here and it was excellent... My family was blown away by the beautiful venue and amazing performances... Best part of the trip to Korea by far! Food was pretty good too., May 2017
24,5.0,Nice show!!,The food was ok but the show was very good. I loved how they interacted with the audience.  I also loved that we go to explore the traditional houses that belonged to Korea House., June 2017
25,3.0,"Excellent show, but poor dining experience",The show:  5/5 The food: 2/5  Our party had dinner here prior to the show.  The show was excellent --- all the drumming and dancing were great.  But the food was rather poor., May 2017
26,4.0,Lovely show,"A lovely korean show with proffesional musicans,dancers and actors. Worth spending there a lovely rvening. ", May 2017
27,1.0,Read the reviews. All the good ones are not for the food,A friend stateside recommended we try the palace royal food experience. Only a few places in Seoul do it and this is one of them. Our hotel was close to this location and they made the reservation for us.  I write this review trying to be fair and honest. I wanted to love this, May 2017
28,5.0,Spellbinding,"What an amazing evening!  The whole show transcends the language barrier to deliver an artful mix of technology, dance, comedy, music, and live theatre.   The play was delightful with a feel good ending.  The dinner we had later was very good and the service impeccable.  This", April 2017
29,5.0,Excellent experience,"We three adults went to Korea House for an evening meal. We choose a set menu and thoroughly enjoyed it. Each course was beautifully presented and the waitresses who were also dressed beautifully in traditional costumes, explained what we were eating and how we should eat the", December 2016
30,5.0,Great show ,"I am not sure about the food, since it suppose to be authentic. It appeared to me old fashioned and simple. Pretty much the characteristic you find in most traditional cuisines. But that might be the reason for some bad remarks on the food. Nevertheless to me quality was good", December 2016
31,4.0,excellent show,"Very nice show, we found it interesting and very professional. the music, specially drummers are amazing. the effects are nice, i think there are two shows per day we had the one at 18:30 and it lasts one hour, we made reservation via internet and came a little before to pay and", December 2016
32,3.0,"Enjoyable show, only one hour and quite expensive",The show tells a story through dance and music.  Used several nice effects. Included some audience participation which was not needed and made me cringe.  It only lasts one hour and after the show you can have your photo taken with the performers.  We went on a Sunday at 18.30, November 2016
33,2.0,Interesting show. Bad food,"I was recently here for a business function. Our fairly large group had dinner prior to viewing the theatrical show. We had the traditional multi course Korean dinner. I couldn't tell you what the courses were, but they included various appetizers and mains. Not a single one was", October 2016
34,5.0,Exactly the cultural experience I wanted. ,I was looking for a Korean tradition that would exposed me to the various forms of Korea performing arts. I found it exactly here at Korea House. This is my friends and I first time in Korea. I booked only the performance a few days before arriving and received a confirmation, November 2016
35,2.0,Don't eat here!,We came here for dinner during our vacation in Seoul. we tried the basic prefix menu which costs around $60/person. The price does NOT meet the taste plus the portion was too small. I won't recommend to eat here.  Perhaps the show is pretty good from other viewers., September 2016
36,5.0,Fantastic show!!,This was the highlight of my trip to Seoul! The show here was fantastic! A must see for anyone visiting Seoul. The quality of the performance was top-notch!  Worth every penny!!, October 2016
37,5.0,Awesome show !,"After a nice imperial diner at the Korea house, we went into this relatively small theater with a bit less than 200 seats. Quickly, the show started : this was a blast from the start to the end !  The show is about the story of Sim Cheong, a daughter who has sacrificed her life", September 2016
38,5.0,Imperial Cuisine,"Yes, it is expensive but this is one of the few tourist friendly places where you can try the Imperial cuisine (food only the king used to eat). You will not find the Imperial cuisine in your home country.  The restaurant is in an old, beautiful Hanok (traditional Korean home)", November 2015
39,3.0,Beautiful place but food was bad,"Attended a reception in this place.  It is a beautiful setting with lovely traditional architecture.  I love the courtyard with lanterns.  Unfortunately, the food was mediocre and a lot of the dishes tasted the same.  It was a buffet that night with many dishes but none of them", September 2016
40,4.0,A quite stay,"I didn't go there for an event or to taste the food, but simply to walk around at a time where no one was there (read in the morning). It is a wonderful small quiet place and you can enjoy Korean architecture without another 10 cameras being held up to capture the same image. As", July 2016
41,4.0,good quality of korean traditional performances with good food,"I've been Korea for 6days with my family, at first I was worried about the show, since my relatives are not children but teenagers, which absolutely may bore them. But it was not, show was pretty interesting and attractive and especially food was really pretty and lovely, I", August 2016
42,5.0,Loved This Place,"I cannot say enough about our experience.  We were easily able to buy tickets online and pick them up on site.  We were able to walk around a bit before the performance and enjoy the atmosphere.  The traditional performance was beautifully staged, great singing, and lots of", June 2016
43,5.0,Great wedding,"Attended a lovely traditional wedding at Korea house. They provide the whole package  make up , hanboks, food ,ceremony ,food, drink and entertainment - a memorable day", April 2016
44,5.0,Great show w 10 acts in less an hour - good swing and drums,"We booked only a day ahead and show had free space. Choose option w/o dinner. Lots of options around the Korea House.    Drummers were great, so was a traditional Korean story singer. Time flew by quickly.   After show opportunity to take a foto w artists.", May 2016
45,3.0,Great Show but NOT Dinner,This is an easy place to go to via subway.  Great garden.  Should definitely go for the Show which starts at 630pm for about 1 hour. We had the Royal Traditional Menu and it was a disappointment. We booked 2 so called Royal Traditional Meal from two location so we can compare. , December 2015
46,5.0,Highlight of Seoul day tour! ,"We did a family and friends day tour of Seoul and Korea house was at the end, before dinner.    Just under an hour of various korean traditional performances - dance and music.   The drummers were especially amazing and everyone thoroughly enjoyed the experience. My father in", December 2015
47,4.0,Very especial traditional korean show,"Korea House is a house where you can have a special show of Korean traditional dance and drum performance. It is very good for foreigners to know about their traditions.  After the show you can have a Korean traditional dinner, seated on the floor. Very nice food.", November 2015
48,5.0,The Show was Amazing! A Must See!,"We did not get dinner reservations, but the show was amazing. It was full of beautiful costumes, music ,and dance. Exceptionally well done. The entire Korea House is beautiful with interesting things to watch and see. The employees are dressed in traditional costumes, and we", November 2015
49,5.0,Traditional Dinner and Performing Art,"Went has a reluctant visitor, the building itself is great and being off the main area make a great change from the usual modern Korean structures.  I was treated to a good traditional meal and then the real surprise....traditional performing art this was excellent especially", October 2015
50,4.0,An Awesome Dinner at Korea House ,"We did have an awesome dinner at Korea House in terms of yummy food stuff and great services. From the main menu, we did reserve for their well-known royal cuisine, which includes the signature dishes in the restaurant. They all tasted so good that we stopped to eat them up and", September 2015
51,4.0,True Traditions,"We had a great experience witnessing one of our best friends' wedding held there. Despite being close to the main road, it was very secluded and quiet. The food served was good but I had to point out, because there was another wedding after our friends', it did feel a bit rushed.", September 2015
52,4.0,Colourful and lively dance and music,"I'd recommend the one-hour traditional dance and music performance here, made up of eight different sections: some ensemble pieces, others duets.  The music, played on pipes, drums and stringed zither-like intstruments, is also very good, almost more interesting than the dance.", September 2015
53,2.0,Half happy half dejected ,"The staff is blank as they can't understand English,  something which should addressed like the other tourist places in Seoul ,  food was very bad and overpriced ", September 2015
54,5.0,Don't miss in Seoul,You can taste all of the Korean national food. So delicious and Folk Art Performance was so amazing and interesting., September 2014
55,3.0,Don't Fall Asleep,"The traditional dance and music which greet you at a Korea House performance are professional and beautifully choreographed. But if you have had a good dinner and then go to this performance, it is not difficult to fall asleep, not even the traditional drums will stop you.", May 2015
56,2.0,Not so good at all,If you stay close to Myeongdong area it`s worth going there to experience Korean Culture. I advise you not to visit Korea House unless you sleep on money., July 2014
57,2.0,A great deception house,The personnel is cold and gave no explanation. The food was probably one of the worth we had in seoul. And the price was expensive not to say outrageous for the quality. Go there for the shop at the entrance but not for the food., May 2014
58,5.0,Amazing performance,"We went there just for a performance, and did not attend the dinner (please note that to attend dinner you will need to come an hour earlier. Dinner is BEFORE the performance). It was positively awesome expirience.  The performance consists of nine short numbers (dances, oral", May 2014
59,3.0,Great show but really bad food,"Korea House was on my must-do list in Seoul. In hindsight, I should have just penciled in the show and forget the food. While the show at 20.00 hrs. was spectacular, colorful and excellent value for money, the ultra-expensive dinner was a major letdown. We took a long walk from", May 2014
60,3.0,"show was good,food no good","The pre-dinner show was good it was W45000 then we dined afterward in the traditional house behind the theatre. .We chose the Cheongwu Jeongsik at W88,000.Setting was authentic.We sat on the floor to eat.Floor was heated ? the old fashioned way? Food was no good.Basa (cheap", March 2014
61,5.0,Don't miss the traditional performance!,"We went to Korea House for the traditional performance, which offered an hour's worth of beautiful fan dances, intense drumming, musical pieces, singing and even some breakdancing. The show is very professionally done in a beautiful Korean-style theatre, and you can tell the", April 2014
62,5.0,Not to be missed if you want a real cultural experience,"The olace is within easy access to the metro, 5 minutes walk. The dance perfomance was really good and I can't speak highly enough of the performers and thri porfessionalism and deication to their art. The costumes were colorful and awesome. the women were beautiful their smile", March 2014
63,5.0,Loved the show,"We attended the performance of traditional music and dance and were so pleased with it.  Our boys really enjoyed the drumming in particular (which is really loud in case your child needs advance notice), and they also enjoyed the length of one hour :).  I loved all of it - we", March 2014
64,5.0,Great dining experience,"This was one of my favorite dining experiences in Korea.  The food is served in low tables.  The staff was highly helpful, especially considering that I did not know how to eat some of the dishes on offer, so they explained everything. Finally, the food itself was delicious and", March 2014
65,5.0,"Did only the dance/music, no dinner",We first heard about this show while we were on the Seoul City Tour.  Decided to do this on our own by calling Korea House and making reservations.  We did it only for the performance (USD 50) and had dinner on our own.  This is an incredible show displaying amazing talent by, October 2013
66,4.0,Join for the Hanstyle program,"we join the handstyle program with a discount rate which is only cost 20k won per person.. the activity which is included in the program is to learn how to make korean food, wearing hanbok, learning Korean words (just how to write your name) and enjoy thier traditional", October 2013
67,2.0,The food was so bad! It is not worth the money you pay!,"I would say this is one of those tourist traps that you do if you don't want to think too much. We booked in for the performance/ dance and dinner.   The traditional dance was good and we got to experience a bit of Korean.    After the dance and music, we were asked to move to", September 2013
68,4.0,traditional dance and music,"f you want to experience Korean traditional dance and music at its best go to Korea House. he dancers are lovely, graceful and seem to float weightlessly across the floor. The drum numbers a fabulous. Overall a great performance. I enjoy watching Korean traditional dance on TV", April 2013
69,1.0,Bland food with poor service,"The food was poor, but the performance afterwards was excellent. This may be authentic royal Korean food, but if so I found it to be very bland. One course after another was tasteless, one-dimensional and generally unfulfilling. I was desperate for the kimchi when it finally", April 2013
70,5.0,"Touristy, but a great experience","We had dinner and watched the show at someone else's treat, so I can't say anything about the cost as I don't know what it was. The dinner was a great experience. Lots of different foods to try, atmosphere was nice. We had two Korean hosts with us so they told us what everything", October 2012
71,5.0,The one place to experience traditional Korean food if your time is limited in Seoul.,Korea House is a restaurant that caters to visitors by offering a somewhat narrated experience to include a full meal with multiple side dishes and a theatrical performance of the key Korean performing art forms such as Salmunori in a idealic setting in the middle of a busy, February 2012
72,5.0,Traditional Korean Wedding Venue & Cultural Centre,My son and his wife were married at this venue on October 12th.  What a wonderful setting for a traditional Korean wedding.  The location was very easy to get to by taxi.  The facilities at the venue were very good and the wedding extremely well organised.  There were also, October 2012
73,4.0,"Banquet dinner was OK but the show was a ""must see"" in Seoul.","Had the dinner banquet there, the food was average and reasonable priced. I liked the DIY wrap that is served straight away when we arrived.  The show was really excellent, we really liked the drum performance and the fan dance. It was worth a visit even when you don't want to", June 2012
74,4.0,Interesting Korean food and Cultural show,We chose the Korean style restaurant where we sat on low tables and on heated floors! Great place to be when it is freezing outside.The food was well presented and there were many courses and some had interesting flavours.The waitresses were very polite and tried to explain some, December 2011
75,2.0,Tourist Trap Warning!!!,"Ok, this is another tourist  trap.  If you want to have a dinner that beats your local hospital food, this is the place to go.  You can find much better food, at a reasonable price, in almost  any local restaurant in Seoul.  Korean food is fabulous and certainly this is not the", November 2011
76,5.0,What a treasure!,"I got to visit the Korea House twice on my recent trip to Seoul.  First, we had a welcome dinner for my conference and we were treated to a performance.  The performance included traditional music and dance - it was OUTSTANDING.  We then had a lovely buffet dinner.    At the end", July 2011
77,5.0,Visit Korea!!!!,Hi! I'm HanSyul Yang from Korea. I'm writing this because I want to introduce Korea to you!!! I'm fron Korean Tourism Senior High School so you can trust me! Korea is a small country however beautiful and strong country. If you travel to Korea you can see our beautiful, May 2011
