,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Comfortable ride to our destination,Travelled on KTX to Pyeongchang and the ride is very smooth and comfortable. The KTX App is available in english and it's easy to search and book for your tickets using the app. Book your tickets earlier if you are travelling during the peak season so that you can get a seat.  , March 2020
1,5.0,fastest way to travel,tried the train from Seoul to Busan around 330 KM where it was around 2 hours and 40 minutes which was really fast and first class cabins was wonderfull it was nice journey, February 2020
2,3.0,Not too bad,"Compare to Japanese train, KTX has room for improvement.  Luggage space is limited, toilet are not clean.", February 2020
3,5.0,Super Fast and Super Cool! Love it.,"We woke up very early in the morning as we were heading towards Busan. Busan is a city that its located, literally on the lowest bottom of the South Korean Peninsula, meaning it will take a multitude of hours to reach through several types of transportation, except for a plane of course. But by taking a plane, one will miss some of the country side views and diverse cities we went through with the KTx Bullet Train Korea.We bought First Class as we wanted piece and quiet and yes, why not? we wished to experience the full comfort that a Super Train that travels at 300 Km per/hour = 187 miles per/hour, has to offer. We actually checked the speed on the Iphone and screen shot it for your convenience to see.We literally did not noticed when the train took off and it was not too long after that we reached the top speed mentioned above. It was like going on a feather, it felt as we were going 50 km per/hour a soft and unforgettable ride, that at that super fast speed took us to the lowest point of the peninsula in 3 to 4 hours only (counting several stops in some mayor cities along the way).They give you a small treat and cookies in First Class. nothing too fancy, but the seats are bigger, wider and you have lots of leg room with a huge table just for yourself.We did love the ride as we mentioned and we do recommend this experience as a Must See and Try when in Seoul and South Korea in general. First Class cost 80 dollars a piece and per trip, therefore making the math, me and my wife we spent some 300+ US$, almost the same price than going by plane minus the long ride to the airport which is costly (80 US$ a pop and per trip) and minus the hassle and security checks of airports and bumpy rides and nasty small seating space.Totally worth!!!!. Enjoy the pictures we shared for you.", January 2020
4,4.0,Perfect way to travel,KTX offer a pleasant travel between many cities in Korea. You can fully trust the time schedule and the ride is smooth. WiFi means you can work or leisure without problem. They don’t sell coffee though., January 2020
5,2.0,Fast but not much space for Luggage.,On this service the snack machines seem to take precedence over luggage storage space. The overhead space is very narrow and small so if you have large luggage get in quick because there is hardly any room. We ended up having to spread our luggage out over multiple carriages (and they were still not even in the proper luggage spaces) after being told to move them., January 2020
6,4.0,Way to go,"Good experience. Made easier by travelling with a local, who can communicate with most of the clerks, though some of them seem able to speak and understand some English. Trains are not as fast as to be worth describing them as bullet trains – 270 km/h is surely fast, but a Japanese Shinkansen is well above 300. Free Wi-fi works pretty well, allowing you to work while travelling. Every now and then the line drops, but it’s enough to re-connect to be back online. Seats are comfortable, each one has power plugs and USB ports to recharge your gadgets. Traveling is a quiet experience, thanks also to the good behavior of the passengers, who mostly refrain from speaking on the phone – less than ever loudly. Definitely much cheaper than the corresponding Shinkansen. A good alternative to flying if you go far. A very good alternative of driving, specially in winter time, when snow may be an unpredictable factor. And it definitely brings you to your destination much faster than a car. And more rested.", January 2020
7,5.0,Comfortable & Convenient!,"We travel from Incheon Airport and it just takes less than an hour to arrive Seoul town. The ticket is charging 500W deposit and it is refundable. Claim back your deposit when your arrival from the kiosk machine. Comfortable with spacious seats and there is a corner for your luggage. So, sit still and enjoy your view outside.", December 2019
8,5.0,Fast and comfortable,"Travelling from Seoul Station to Busan Station in December 2019 on the first trip of the day was amazing. I slept the whole trip because the ride was very smooth. Took the KTX again two days later, from Busan to Seoul and the train was packed for the afternoon ride. We were given the seats with tables in between and I was able to work on revising our itineraries. Free and fast wifi was also provided on the train ride. Will ride this again. Highly recommended.", December 2019
9,5.0,Best choice when traveling around Korea. ,"If you don’t like long lines at the airport and all the chaos then I highly recommend taking the KTX Train around Korea. It’s convenient, fast, clean and comfortable and priced just right. KTX is always my first choice ❤️🚄", December 2019
10,5.0,good,"nice n convenient to other town. ticket easily to purchase at ticket machine, english n chinese version display.", December 2019
11,4.0,Smooth and efficient,"The KTX is just fast, reaching 300kmph speed. Our trip from Seoul to Busan (and the return journey) left in time, calling at the stops as scheduled. Thats about it. Having travelled on the equally fast Eurostar, TGV, ICE and the Renfe trains, I rank KTX below them from the experience viewpoint. Seats are comfy enough but personally the interior could be better. I did not find any buffet car to enjoy the coffee and cakes and the scenery is not that great (of course I do not compare with the likes of the Glacier Express). If you are a train buff, “Man in seat 61” website would give you an insight for comparison.", December 2019
12,4.0,"Clean, quick and easy!","Prior to my travels, I read that many people suggested to buy tickets beforehand. This depends on your timing of travel. I was easily able to buy tickets minutes prior to boarding the train. The trains are clean and comfortable, and they have electrical outlets and wifi! Also, all announcements are in several languages (Korean, English, Japanese, Chinese), so you are likely to understand and know when it is your time to depart the train. I do recommend taking your own drinks/snacks because there was minimal provided in the train's vending machines.", December 2019
13,4.0,"Comfortable, Efficient but Bring your own food/drinks","We took the Express train in First Class from Seoul Station to Busan on a day-trip and found the service to be comfortable with a fast and smooth ride.  2+15 enroute direct or 3+00 on the inner route through Ulsan.  The trains are SPOT-ON-TIME so do not be late.Once caution, there is no bar/snack/restaurant car at all.  There are a few snack/drink machines to purchase something small.  First Class passengers have free cold bottled water available in the F cabins and a very small cookie/pastry snack is offered (2 of each per bag).  So if you travel and want something enroute, be sure to pick it up at the train station before departure.Of note, I strongly recommend F class as the Coach seating is VERY compact and crowded and would be uncomfortable for the average American-Sized passenger.  Even at that, we had trouble finding F seats on some trains even mid-day.Booking on-line was impossible so we just bought our tickets at the station.  The agents have a good command of English. Seats are assigned at purchase.", December 2019
14,4.0,Easy to travel ,"Been on our own traveling to and fro Seoul and Busan. The train is well kept and have storage areas for large luggages. Clean toilets and comfortable seats. It takes us nearly  3 hours to go to Busan. There is am space for hand bags and also hanging our coats. The frequency of train is good . From11 am to 16:30, it is nearly every hour or event every 20 min per train. Train leaves punctually, so be at right platform 15 min before. Food bought outside can be consumed at the train.", December 2019
15,4.0,Efficient and reliable.,"Peaceful journey, reliable time frame, Less stops. Gives you the opportunity to see the view and take pictures or just sleep.", December 2019
16,5.0,"Fast, Comfortable, Easy to use, Cheap","I took KTX trains all over the country and it made me wish this is what all travel was like. Seoul is an amazing city, but if you want to see the rest of Korea, have no fear of KTX trains or the KTX system.", December 2019
17,5.0,Excellent KTX,"Clean, on time, comfortable, good services. I have bought both way  ticket online from Pusan to Seoul. I have go to train station in Pusan to change to paper ticket. Every thing is OK.", June 2019
18,5.0,"Busan to Seoul, 1st class","Booked over the counter and asked for seats near luggage. Were given excellent seats, ample space for luggage and very spacious. If you have large suitcases, take 1st class and ask for seats near luggage.", December 2019
19,5.0,Right on Time!,"It is so efficient and punctual! Bear in mind, if you are using KTX in Korea to travel long distance in short time. You have to be in time so that you won't miss your train. The train departs right as scheduled. So, always make sure you'd be at the platform (not waiting area) 15 mins before departure because your train is right there waiting. Board and have some books with you to kill the 2hours++ time. Enjoy your ride!", December 2019
20,5.0,On time and Quiet,"Seoul to Busan and I slept through most of it.  Train is fast and quiet.  First class, they give you bottled water and cookies.  Free WiFi.", November 2019
21,3.0,KTX,Fastest way to go to Busan. Clean and spacious inside with free WiFi. Do not expect the bulletin Train like in Japan., December 2019
22,4.0,Very fast for day trips; book advance to get seats,Time taken to travel from one place to another was very fast! Pressure keeps building up in my ears. Instructions were clear. Information on train tickets and at railway stations are easy to understand for english. Train rides are very quiet despite being full. Some places need to book tickets earlier as they run out of seats e.g. from jeonju to busan (through osong) and trains from yongsan to jeonju. Some time slots were already fully booked when we tried to book about 4 days in advance., December 2019
23,4.0,Fast and efficient,"Booked the ticket online for Busan to Seoul sector, well in advance. The process was smooth as there were instructions in English. The train was punctual and the compartment was neat and clean. You can pick up packed food from counters at the station. There is a place at the entry point of the compartment where you can store your luggage", April 2019
24,5.0,Excellent train service,"We travelled on the KTX service from Seoul to Busan and back. The journey was great, trains were punctual and, with a Korean rail pass, the fares were very reasonable.", November 2019
25,5.0,Clean and fast,"Great counter staff who assisted me even when I asked them which public wifi spot I could tap on, and they got us the front facing seats we wanted. The ride was super comfortable and toilets are decently clean. Definitely will take it again as it is a more convenient alternative to taking airplanes within korea.", September 2019
26,5.0,Seoul To Gyeongju,"Wow! Talk about efficient! We purchased tickets online to guarantee a seat and exchanged it at Seoul Station for printed tickets. Takes 2 hours to get to Gyeongju (seriously beautiful, btw) and the ride was smooth and comfortable. Our tour in Gyeongju ended a little earlier than anticipated and we were not able to get an earlier ride back to Seoul, they were sold out. We just chilled at Sin Gyeongju station. There's some shops and a couple of restaurants. KTX is awesome!", October 2019
27,5.0,"Great system, especially for the price (but weird slowdown around Sejong City)","Great system for the price and quite fast as most have already noted.Also connected to major metro stations for easy access to subways.The average speed is about 300km/h or more between Seoul and Busan.However, there is always a strange slowdown around Sejong City.Probably would cut travel time by ~15m if this slowdown doesn't happen.", May 2019
28,5.0,Fast efficient way to travel in Korea,"Fast, clean and efficient way to travel in Korea. Seoul to Daegu is about 2 hours. On a busy weekend, you might want to get a ticket in advance, or else you might end up with standing room only, which means standing in the area between the cars near the bathroom - not a fun way to spend a few hours.", October 2019
29,5.0,Train To Busan,Easy to find the train and the train is clean and the seat is comfortable.Ready your tickets early as i can see the train is fully booked.The ticket is not cheap but for me is an experience because of the movie - Train to Busan., October 2019
30,4.0,Super fast train,KTX is the best way to travel long distances in Korea. Its better than by air as it leaves from the middle of Seoul and lands in the middle of your destination in the city you are visiting. Very comfortable and free wi fi. Ideal if travelling to Busan, October 2019
31,5.0,Fast and Convenient,"We bought the KR Pass, 4-day flexible pass. You can book one month in advance in their website.Went to Busan, Daegu, Daejeon and back to Seoul.It convenient, hassle-free and fast.", October 2019
32,5.0,Fast/Clean and Comfortable train,"Traveling with KTX train is always one of my favorite public transport to Busan/Gyeongju and etc, Pros:- The train seating for second class is comfortable, and clean. Staff over the counter is helpful, as i need to change earlier train schedule from Pohang to Busan to avoid long waiting inside the station. They manage to help me change without any problem on the day itself.", October 2019
33,4.0,Comfortable Trip into Seoul,Seoul airport is easy to get around. The automatic ticket machines are easy to use but there is a ticket desk near the entrance if you need help. It’s a quick trip into the city and you pay more for reserved seats. I used this service for my first trip and used the standard service for my other 3 trips., October 2019
34,4.0,GOOD.,"My guess very cheep, in Japan 3-4 times more.also,much easy to use than metro in Korea.In Seoul is for me is nuts.", October 2019
35,4.0,Impressive but not quite as fast as the Japaneses version.,"Korean trains are fast, easy to use, clean and safe. Tickets are bought at the various stations and come complete with train, carriage and seat number all in Korean & English. They run of time so make sure you get to the platform early rather than late.", October 2019
36,5.0,Love it!,Best way to get from Incheon Airport to Seoul. The CT pass was great for metro and bus lines. Best one stop mode for traveling to and from airport., October 2019
37,5.0,Easy commute,"if going between Gimpo and Incheon this is the way to do it. Cheap, fast; not stuck in traffic. Be sure to collect rebate on turning in your ticket card.", September 2019
38,5.0,"Clean, efficient and on time",Took the KTX train to Busan (no pun intended). The whole experience was like clock work. Tickets were easy to pre-purchase. Only suggestion would be to purchase the food on the platform rather than commercial options in the plaza., November 2018
39,5.0,Train to Busan,"The most convenient way to travel to Busan. Ride first class, free water and some mix nuts and cookies.", October 2019
40,4.0,"When they are fast, they are fast...","Nice and comfortable trains, but not all of them are as fast as the Seoul-Busan line. Actually even not all trains on the Seoul-Busan line are equally fast - at different hours they are different - some stop at more stations, some - at just a few. The Seoul-Jinju line is disappointingly slow - it takes over 3.5 hours to get to the final station, and the distance is actually smaller than Seoul-Busan, where the fastest train needs just over 2 hours to travel the whole distance with speeds of up to 300 km/h", October 2019
41,4.0,Worth using,We used the KTX from Seoul to Busan and it was enjoyable.  Get your ticket in advance as you really need to book a seat; it was a popular journey.  It took about two and a half hours.  Take a drink and snacks with you as I don’t think there is a refreshment area on board., October 2019
42,4.0,Easy and efficient,"Easy to locate, system efficient. Some confusion on accepting card or cash at ticket counters but easily negated with easy access to atms. Trains on time and clean. Just do not use the toilets - terrible!", October 2019
43,5.0,Fantastic train service,"I took this train from Seoul Station to Dongdaegu and also to Busan. The entire system is easy to navigate with English signs and announcements. Trains are inexpensive, punctual, and there are places for you to put your luggage when you board. There are plenty of places to buy food in the terminals.", September 2019
44,5.0,Fast and comfortable,"Took KTX from Seoul to Gumi Gimcheon, due to work. Bought VIP seat which is very comfortable and spacious. Snacks and water bottle are provided and the journey took about 1 hr 10mins. In the train you wont feel how fast it was traveling - 300km. Some more there is free WIFI.", October 2019
45,5.0,Nice Experience,I very much enjoyed my travel from Seoul to Daejeon by KTX. I was seated in the first class which was very comfortable. It felt nice to experience this super fast train., October 2019
46,5.0,Incredible!,"The trains are just minutes away. The speed is stunning. (300 kmh) The cars are clean comfortable, full Wifi. I recommend everyone to give it a try. Great experience.", September 2019
47,5.0,Can Be Very Fast,"We took the KTX from Daegu to Seoul, but this time the one that made several local stops. It took 1 hour and 45’, but better to take the non-stop that takes only 1 hour and 15’. It is definitely faster than regular train and bus.", October 2019
48,5.0,Excellent,"We travelled from Seoul to Busan, thankfully I watched a YouTube video and it gave me the heads up on checking boards and car number, the. Seat number. We travelled first class, which I recommend. You do not notice how fast the train is going.", October 2019
49,5.0,"Quick, easy and cheap way to travel inside Korea","We used KTX from Busan to Seoul, it was very convenient, fast and cheap. Get your ticket 1-2 hours in advance at the train station ticket office, no need for online booking hassle. The cabin overhead luggage fits up to middle sized checked baggage. Bigger luggage needs to put in between cabins.2 tickets from Busan to Seoul cost us ~110k KRW.Highly recommended.", October 2019
50,5.0,Take it,"Fast está way to go Airport and city, quik, efifcient, fast, best way to move, not to many people nows english", October 2019
51,5.0,It's fast.  It's cheap.  It's Clean.  It's Convenient.,"It's fast.  It's cheap.  It's Clean.  It's Convenient.  If you need to go is in the path of their tracks, by all means take it.", September 2019
52,5.0,Two trips on KTX,"I took two trips on the KTX, one to Gwangju and the other to Daejeon. It was a very comfortable ride and they were always on time!", September 2019
53,4.0,Comfortably Fast,"Took this train from Seoul to Busan and vice versa. Ticketing was easy, although you might find the queue a little long if you decide to buy at the station. Not the most modern train, but fast, clean and comfortable. Definitely a more comfortable choice for traveling between the two cities (compared to airplane).", March 2019
54,5.0,Fast and Comfortable,the train was from Seoul to Busan took about 2 hours but the train was fast and the riding was smooth, May 2019
55,3.0,Easy and smooth but some issues with first class,"The good thing about the KTX is that its really easy to use. If you travel outside of peak days then you should have no trouble just show up at the station, buy your tickets and travel with the train. Worked like a charm for me landing at Incheon early, taking the Arex to Seoul station and just buy tickets. Grabbed a quick lunch and went to Busan. The train will depart at its scheduled time and it will be at the terminal stations 30 min before departure. Its the best way to get between major cities in Korea.I used the KTX for a round trip to Busan from Seoul.I thought I should go with first class to busan and back since Im on vacation and not on a budget. The train was easy to find and you just board the car and all is good for a relaxing ride to Busan... or that was what I thought.Its when you enter the train you realize that the standard on this train is sub par even on first class. The first class car was very shabby. the seats where torn and I found stains on them. Well some wear and tear should be expected but this was a bit too much when traveling on first class. When the train departed it was more or less full and thats when I saw the second drawback with first class on KTX. It started to feel like a commuter trains. People where walking back and forth all the time and others where switching seat after each station. There were also people standing in the area between cars blocking passage to toilette etc. Back from Busan to Seoul it was even worse and I had people standing right next to me in the first class car between some stations.I assume those were standing ticket passenger but why are they allowed into first class cars? Basically I bought first class tickets and it felt like I was riding a glorified subway train. The Arex Express trains turned out to be better than the KTX first class and the KTX is nothing even close to the Shinkansen.If you travel with the KTX dont bother with First class since you pay extra only to get a wider seat and a free bottle of water (which you cant get to because of people blocking the passage). Dont expect a calm and relaxing trip and prepare to have people walking by you constantly. Basically hope for window seat, put on some really good ANC headsets, try to ignore all the fuzz going on around you and pray you dont have to use the toilette.", September 2019
56,4.0,Very good ,We used the KTX a couple of times and in overall very satisfied with it. Be aware that if you try to get a last minute tickets you might not find it on rush hour., October 2019
57,4.0,Best way to and fro airport and city,"If you're travelling with family with kids and luggages, this is the best option for you. It's fast, cheaper than taxi and easy. If you took Korean Air airline then you will get additional discount. Kids below 3 ride for free but they won't get a seat. KTX brings you from airport to Seoul Station which is 5 mins taxi away from Myeongdong.", October 2019
58,5.0,Easy and smooth,"Trains were on time and comfortable. We had friends who ordered our tickets so I can't say anything on that process, but finding the train and the everything was very simple.", September 2019
59,5.0,Smooth ride to Busan,"We took the KTX from Seoul to Busan , inside is clean and comfortable and we are given some refreshment on board have really enjoy our 2.5 hour trip", September 2019
60,5.0,Best experience,"KTX is one of the best train services in the world. They are punctual (not as good as Japenese), very comfortable, and very fast! I travelled in this train thrice from and to Seoul. Even when the train goest at 300 km/h, one will never notice the speed or jerk. It's very smooth. They do announce the stations in English so the tourists won't miss it. Travelling on this train is a must while in South Korea.", September 2019
61,5.0,Touring South Korea ,"We took the KTX bullet Train from Seoul to Gyeongiu ( 2 hour trip),where stayed for a day. We also took the train from Busan back to Seoul ( 2 and one half hour trip).  Tickets and and picks were arranged by our travel agent Kate DeLosso. Tickets seemed to cost about 49-59,000 WON each. We were a little concerned about communication once we were dropped off at the outbound station, but this was unfounded because the information desk was quite helpful and signs for the trains and tracks were clearly marked in English. There were elevators/steps/escalators to get to the tracks. We had to use the elevator because of our suitcases. The trains were on time on both occasions. I loved that seats were assigned. Trains were clean. There were a group school kids in our train car, going on field trips, on our first train. They were the friendliest group of kids I have met, trying to engage us in small talks. Great way to move from city to city in South Korea. My only hang up was lugging the suitcase and bag. It was a good experience (unlike our bullet train ride from London to Paris and back, broke down twice, and no apologies). I would recommend the KTX train if you plan to visit these cities.", September 2019
62,5.0,Excellent way to get around the ROK,"On my last visit I was able to take a day to visit friends in Gwangju, in South Jeolla Province.  Because I had limited time, I took the Express train rather than the local.  The cost was somewhat more; but it was still affordable; and the time element was much more advantageous than it would have been with the slower train.  The train itself was comfortable and on time.  It is equipped with wifi, though it took me a bit to figure out how to get connected.  (It helps if you ask the conductor for help rather than trying to figure it out for yourself - unless you're more experienced than I.)  In any case, the train both ways was on time, and I enjoyed seeing the Korean countryside on the trip.", June 2019
63,5.0,Train to Busan,"Everything was clean, fast and reliable.  wonderful service, but I noticed some coldness toward foreigners. We took the KTX from Seoul to Busan and back. There were no zombies, though. My youngest was still scared because the train looked just like the one in the movie.  Hardly saw any attendant, but the ride was so short, it didn't matter. However, if you needed something right away it might be a problem. There were no food options on board. but lots of shops at both Seoul and Busan stations. We felt very comfy staying at the stations shopping and eating while waiting for the train. We got 2 day flex group saver korail pass and saved some money, though only a few dollars, the lady at the service counter explained.", August 2019
64,4.0,fast and reliable,It is a very convenient ride going to tourist attractions around Seoul. It saves us time and energy., April 2019
65,5.0,Great way to travel,"We chose to travel by high speed rail from Busan to Seoul and it turned out to be a great idea. Our hotel in Busan was just next door to the station so it was very convenient. The train station is tidy and offer breakfast choices. The train is also comfortable, clean, fast and on time.", August 2019
66,5.0,One of the most efficient in the world,"This is one of the most efficient high speed train systems in the world.  It is fast, clean and comfortable.  It is better than air travel since it takes you from downtown to downtown, so you can avoid traffic congestion especially during rush hours. From KTX stations, you can easily make connections to subway or taxi.  The Seoul Metro is probably the most efficient subways in the world.  For long-haul take Metro, and for short-haul take taxi. Credit cards are commonly accepted in taxi, and the fare is cheap.", May 2019
67,5.0,"It is very handy,and we enjoy travelling by KTX","we travelled from Seoul to Busan in South Korea a distance of 326 km It took 2:30h.It is beter than trvelling by air,and cheaper , very comfortable so we strongly recomend using the KTX in S.K", August 2019
68,5.0,The best way to travel in Korea,"Fast, efficient, clean, cheap, courteous staff, clear signage, good connections to the metro in Seoul. Compared to the dreadful traffic queues of travel by road this is definitely the way to travel around Korea.", August 2019
69,5.0,Efficent and clean,"We took KTX from incheon airport to Seoul station to Busan.  It was on a Monday.  I read that we can go directly from incheon airport to Busan but that wasn't true.  We had to buy a ticket to Seoul Station first.  They have discounts if you traveled with one of the Korean air carriers at the kiosks.  Kiosks are easy to navigate in English. Or  They also have a special at the desk,  three people for 24000 won.  At Seoul station,  you have to go up to the second floor and buy tickets at the kiosks. The desk lines are slow.  The train tracks area are easily marked with numbers.  The tickets have a cabin number and seat number on it.  They can be strict about it if you aren't in the correct cabin. There is a bathroom on the train and luggage storage. They do random ticket check on boardIncheon airport to Seoul station takes about 35 minutes. Then We bought the fastest to Busan,  2.5 hours.  ~59800 won each. No discount I believe.", September 2019
70,5.0,best form of transit ever,"great little shops at the station supply lunch or snacks - very good onesThe train is very comfortable and gets you clear across the country in a couple of hours (the express). The train celebrates its inherited notoriety, Train to Busan, the zombie movie. Many public service announcements come with a reference.", October 2018
71,5.0,Fast and comfortable,We took the Busan-Seoul route. It was a very quick and comfortable ride. The seats are comfortable and the train is very clean., May 2019
72,5.0,"Fast, clean, comfortable","I used the KXT to go from Daegu to Seoul and, although it is more expensive than the train or bus, it is so much more comfortable that it is worth the extra price. It is also much faster, making it more convenient especially if you are going to the airport. The train terminal connects with the airport through both an express train or one that makes more stops. Take the express train! There is also a place in the terminal to store your bags for a reasonable fee if you are going to spend some time in Seoul before leaving.", August 2019
73,5.0,Trip to Gyeongju,So easy to book and use.  The stations are easy to navigate and the actual train ride was a pleasure...book 1st class it is worth the (little) extra., August 2019
74,5.0,Love this train for visits to Busan,"Fast, clean and very comfortable. The KTX is the best way to get from Seoul to Busan. We've also taken it to the Shin Gyeongju station as well.", May 2019
75,5.0,Excellent service from Seoul Station to Busan and back,"I have traveled on trains in many countries on various vacations but I feel KTX provided the best service so far.   I traveled from Seoul station to Busan and back and thoroughly enjoyed the trip without any hassles or issues.  We had bought our tickets a month in advance and when we arrived at Seoul station, we lined up at the ticket counter to get the seat numbers.   The line moved very fast so we had plenty of time to do some window shopping prior to boarding the train.  Boarding was very easy as the ticket tells you the cabin number and the seats.  The inside was very clean and seats very comfortable.  What I loved was the quiet atmosphere in the cabin. Our train left the station on time and arrived at our location not a minute later than what the timetable predicted.  Our return from Busan to Seoul was equally great.  Hats off to KTX!", July 2019
76,5.0,Fast and comfortable,The price isn't cheap but it takes you where you need in a fast and comfortable way. Large seats. Respect timetable., August 2019
77,5.0,"Super Fast, Clean, Efficient - but very little English anywhere",On schedule and bullet fast. Super clean yet it is very difficult to find a garbage can. Make sure to download your subway maps from KakaoMap as this is very helpful and you will be able to see your location offline even without wifi. There is fast free wifi at the station., August 2019
78,5.0,Fast & Efficient,A very fast and efficient way of travelling between cities. The KTX travels at upto 270km/hr. Tickets can be pre-booked online or can be purchased on the day. All tickets come with a seat reservation. All services run to time and are very comfortable., July 2019
79,5.0,Convenient,"Took the KTX from Seoul to Busan. It took about 2 hours to get to Busan from Seoul. Overall the journey was very pleasant and the car was pretty clean. Buying the ticket is also really easy, you can either purchase the ticket through the box office or a machine.", January 2019
80,5.0,Easy to ride and convenient,"If you're are traveling the neighborhoods of Seoul you have to ride the KTX. It's the easiest way to get around the city, as well as inexpensive compared to taxis. The train ticketing system is easy to follow, and each stop and car was very clean. Signs in the train help you navigate to your destination.", June 2019
81,4.0,"Smooth, fast, clean","Theres no other way to travel to other cities far than by using KTX. Bus is so 1990s. Train is so smooth you dont even realize your on a train. Just like the Japanese bullet train, any destination that requires travel by car or bus, time can be reduced by half or more.", April 2019
82,5.0,KTX,"The KTX is a fantastic train, very comfortable and punctual. I have traveled in 1st class and economy class and would definitely recommend this train", March 2019
83,4.0,KTX (Korea's bullet train),"Very efficient way to travel through Korea ,fast and very punctual.Very fast loading of passengers.", May 2019
84,4.0,Very convenient and speedy,It's really convenient to travel from Seoul to Busan by KTX. It's a rapid train. There are storage for luggages. The toilet was clean., April 2019
85,5.0,The best way to travel domestically,"My previous opinion hasn't altered.KTX remains terrific and the best way to see South Korea internally.Buy a KORAIL pass and soak up teh savings, plus upgrade to 1st class 2 plus 1 seating and free snacks for about KRW15000 extra one way Busan to Seoul.My train on that route was 18 cars and full capacity about 1870 passengers.  Heaps join enroute on the stopping trains.it's essential to reserve seats in advance.Stations have lots of food and shopping options, and are clean.", July 2019
86,5.0,Great way to see South Korea,"Foreigners are able to buy a variety of travel pass options.Check your travel plans to see if it's cost effective or just buy tickets as required.Trains were amazing. Clean, punctual to the minute.", July 2019
87,5.0,On time!,Not like European trains. KTX is on-time. Never saw a single delay on the board. Travelled 1st to Busan from Seoul. Got a biscuit and a bag labelled ”Welcome nuts”., June 2019
88,4.0,Great way to explore Korea,"Very convenience, very punctuated, I took first class which expecting something more fancy.   Will take it again", June 2019
89,5.0,Nice,"Great way to travel. Not on the same level as the Japanese Shinkansen, it still is wonderful, easy, and comfortable. Highly recommend using it!", June 2019
90,5.0,Amazing,"I love KTX trains. Used them 3 times during my Korea trip and I really like it. Nice and kind people working there and they also know english well, air conditioner inside, fast traveling, lot of space, easy traveling.", October 2018
91,5.0,Fascinating!,The train is as good as Singapore.. The on;y unique thing about KTX are the platform.. you will see vendo machine and even vendors selling stuff and food which I find it cool :) unlike other strict country trains... Plus the train as this eucalyptus smell on all the trains.. or maybe because it s winter and the heater has this scent., November 2018
92,5.0,Fast and on time,We took this train from Seoul to Gyeongju and it was excellent. It cost $80 round trip and made the trek in 2 hours each way vs 5 hours by car.  It is Korea’s bullet train and can reach very high speeds. It is THE smoothest train I have ever been on. We recommend it highly., June 2019
93,5.0,Great way to travel Korea,Took train from Seoul to Busan. The 2.5 hour trip was very comfortable. Trains are very clean and fast. Seats recline and plenty of legroom. Electrical outlet is provided so charging your phone or laptop is a breeze. Complimentary wifi is provided and it worked well throughout the trip. Toilets are clean too. Highly recommended., June 2019
94,3.0,Room for improvement,"Ensure tickets are purchased for front facing or it would be uncomfortable. Lift to platform is tiny and allow time if you do not want to use the stairs especially when you have luggage. The steps up the train with luggage can be challenging too. Doesn't help when most staff speak only Korean. Luggage compartment for bigger luggage is very small and you may end up having luggage in another cabin if you come late. Train speed is not uniform and for shorter distance between stations, speed is slowed down. We spent 2.5 hours Seoul to Busan but 3 over hours from Busan to Seoul so please note when you purchase tickets, some timings would have more stops. Toilets available in train but hygiene is not there. Only some seats have sockets to charge your gadgets.", June 2019
95,5.0,Wish it existed in Australia,"Sensational --really great service and comfort-If you have the chance to travel rather than fly do so, you will not be disappointed.", May 2019
96,4.0,Train to Busan,We got the train in the evening down to Busan. Getting to the tracks was fine in Seoul station and getting tickets was easy. Actually it would have been cheaper and less time to get a plane but the timings didn’t work! We were glad though we got to experience Korean train journey! The seats were comfortable in first class and we were given a small snack (a cake and some nuts). Comfortable journey., June 2019
97,5.0,Preferred City to City Travel,"We purchased the Korail Pass and found the website easy to use.  After purchase, it was simple to book our tickets for each leg of our trip.  Car and seat number were clearly printed on our tickets.  The website said to print both the pass and tickets but no one ever asked us to see them.  The trains were well maintained, comfortable, on time and fast.  Luggage racks were located at the end of the cars and were able to accommodate our large suitcases.  Luckily we we’re able find space on each leg so we did not need to lug them to our seats.  Our seats had foot rests, overhead storage and reclined.  The trains were comparable to the Shinkansen in Japan.The ride was smooth with limited stops which allowed us to sleep most of the way.  Announcements, as well as LED displays, gave heads up on stations in multiple languages so we had good awareness on our location.The Busan, Seoul and Shinyeongju stations were big and busy but not too difficult to navigate.  Each had waiting areas but you could walk to the designated track, even if the trains were not boarding, as there were no ticket takers or gates.  With the exception of Shinyeongju, the stations were conveniently located in the heart of the cities we visited.In summary, the KTX was a great way to travel around Korea without the need to hop on a plane.", June 2019
98,5.0,excellent!!,"Was very impressed by the efficiency and how on time the train is. Train is clean and seats are comfortable. They provide free wifi services as long as you are on the train. The toilets are clean too!We bought the train passes via Klook and it was easily redeemable. However, this pass cannot be refunded since it is purchased via third party agent.", June 2019
99,5.0,"Comfortable, Fast and Efficient","Although more expensive than taking the bus or the regular train, we're happy that we opted to take the KTX to and from Gwangyeong - it was faster and more comfortable.", May 2019
100,5.0,Fantastic railway system,"If you think HK and SG were great, try Korea! By far the most complex railway system I have seen thus far, if you need to go around Korea, going by train is the best way to do it! Very efficient, fast and they can bring you all over the place! You have to purchase a T-Money card in order to ride. The good thing about the T-Money card, it can be also used on buses, taxis and even some establishments. You can pickup your T-Money card at any convenience store around Korea.", May 2019
101,4.0,Interesting,We had the earliest train! I really liked that it wasn't crowded. KTX is on time and clean. What i didn't like was that the tv was quite loud and it didn't have airco, June 2019
102,5.0,Perfect way to travel,"Clean, spacious,  easy to book and very comfortable seats . All that you need to travel from  City to City. Can highly recommend.", May 2019
103,4.0,KTX-South Korea,"I traveled to Seoul Korea with my daughter and friend on 15 April 2019.  Our first itenerary is to go to Gyeoungju South Korea.  The best way to reach that historic and beautiful place from Seoul is via train.  My daughter choose the KTX.  I was so surprised because the train leaves and arrived on time.  The train and its stations are very clean, spacious and orderly.   KTX is comparable to the European and Japanese trains that I have travelled.   I will still take the KTX when I travel back to South Korea.", April 2019
104,5.0,Super Fast Everything!,The train is well maintained and neat inside. Convenient way to get from Seoul to Busan in quick time with high speed internet on board. A unique trait of the staff on board - they bow to the passengers before disembarking at every station., July 2018
105,5.0,Very punctual and clean. But limited space to put big luggage.,"KTX train is very punctual.Interior is clean.Free wifi & can charge your phoneBut if you have many big luggage, can't put above your seat, have to find own space behind near the toilet and put there.", May 2019
106,4.0,Depart on time,"You can book online which ia slightly cheaper, however i would suggest you to pay slightly more (than online fare) - arrive at the station and decide the next departure. You can easily book your train. There are many trains for you to choose according to the time you prefer. There are lots of food and convenient store around the station.The train leaves and arrive on time", May 2019
107,4.0,Excellent high speed trains.,"We took KTX twice, once from Pyeongchang to Seoul and then from Seoul to Busan. The train was absolutely on time, clean as a whistle and had comfortable seating. The main difference between these trains and the ones in Taiwan is that in Taiwan they serve tea or juice on the longer runs and in Korea they did not, but this is not really a problem. Just bring your own. The stations were large and open, capable of handling high volumes of traffic efficiently. The signage was generally very good, with English signs for Europeans and signs in Chinese and Japanese as well. The language diversity of the train system was laudable. I would gladly travel this way again. It offers a much better chance to see the country than flying.", May 2019
108,4.0,Nice way to travel,"Our guide took care of the tickets and all that, so I can't say if it is easy to get tickets. But the trains are comfortable, there is information in English. There are power outlets so you can charge your phone.", May 2019
109,4.0,Travelling by train is a pleasure.,"This is so nice. Just book your train and seats in their portal, you can easily change your tickets and get a refund in case you made a mistake or just want another train, trains are very clean and always in time. Staff shows big respect for their clients. Example for the rest of the world. And there you go, with 300km an hour, as fast as a F1 car.", May 2019
110,4.0,Needs improvement but accomplishes the mission,"I have taken the KTX numerous times for work and vacation. I have not had a bad experience yet caused by Korail. Their app works well, but you cannot buy tickets within 20minutes of the train departing. Even if there is an error it is best to check/refund ticket before trying to buy another ticket in case the first one went through. All the staff I have dealt with in Daegu and Seoul have spoken clear English. Their trains are delayed more often than Japanese ones. If you get a first class ticket you get free bottled water and some snacks. You can get standing room only tickets which means you can seat in an open seat but must give it up if someone that has a ticket for that seat comes through. The standing room only tickets are cheaper than any other ticket. The seats are comfy and normally have an outlet and USB outlets. With regular seats, it is odd as they don't rotate so the center seats face each other and all the seats after face towards that center row. It is an odd feeling to be traveling facing the opposite direction.", May 2019
111,5.0,Great Way to Travel Korea,I used the KTX to travel from Seoul to Busan and return. I travelled first class seating and reserved my tickets online from Canada and printed them off for the trip. I used the Korail website but their are other agents that will book for you. Cost each way was just under $100 CDN and it took about 2:20 each way.The KTX is the high speed rail option (300kph) for travelling major routes in Korea. It is operated by Korail. There are other options that are slower and cheaper but may be an option for budget conscious travellers.The stations at Seoul and Busan are large and modern with all manner of amenities. The signs are in English as well as Korea and it is relatively easy to find your way around. About an hour before departure the track for your train will be displayed on the board and about 20 minutes before departure you can board the train on that platform. With a reserved seat just find the car and the seat on board.Many people bring food on board. First class had lots of table space and room to set up and eat. The numerous vendors around the station offered all manner of treats and supplies. I enjoyed Gimbap which are essentially long California Sushi Rolls. You also get a cookie and some nuts from the conductor.My ticket was never checked. The conductor came through (bowing when entering) and it appeared as if she compared a listing with which seats were occupied. All in all very straightforward and stress free.Seating was single on one side of the aisle and double on the other side. Lots of room and very comfortable. Carry on was stowed above my head in a rack and there was and area for large item storage by the entrance to the car. There were USB ports for device charging.There is public transit access outside the stations which are located in main business districts downtown., May 2019
112,5.0,Great,"What a fast and efficient service, we could learn a lot from the way that they run their transport system. It got up to 300 per hour, which was a delight", April 2019
113,4.0,Great train but CHINESE BULLET TRAIN FTW~!,"My first time going to Korea was May 2018(last year). Once I arrived at Seoul Railway Station, I rode on one of those trains to get from Incheon Airport to the city centre. Very long journey because the distance from Incheon to Gangnam is about 60+km!!! It felt comfortable inside with air-conditioning and route guide. However, the speed isn't as fast as the Chinese Bullet train that can go up to 400 km/hr. This one only goes 270km tops. Well, it's ok either way.", June 2018
114,5.0,"On time, efficient, comfortable","Great train system: on time, comfortable, and with big windows for viewing. The actual online system for getting tickets is, however, a real pain, especially if you first buy a pass and then need to get the specific tickets you want. Take seriously the requirement to remember (write down) the pass number.", May 2019
115,5.0,"Quick, comfortable and better than flying","Travelled between Busan and Soeul without any worries. Speed about 300km/hr. Very comfortable, lots of room, far more than any plane. A better way to travel!", April 2019
116,5.0,Great way to travel,"I took the KTX train from Seoul to Busan and then back again a couple days later. The entire process was ridiculously easy. First, buy your tickets in advance online (I had no trouble with this, just use common sense and you’ll be fine). I bought the economy seat and it was nice. Then the day of, get to the station 20ish mins before departure. All you need is a printout of the ticket you bought online. Check the boards for the track number, follow the signs to the track, check you’ve got the right train (boards again or on the sign on the train itself), check the car number, board and find your assigned seat. They never even scan or look at your ticket. There is a luggage rack for big suitcases on each car, though if it is carryon size you can fit above your seat. There is a bathroom and small vending machine in each car as well. They display your destination and any stops along the way in English as well as Korean. The entire journey from start to finish was so easy and pleasant.", May 2019
117,5.0,Forward Facing,"Find your car# and then your seat within the car. From Seoul to Busan seats 9-16 are forward facing and 1-8 are backwards facing. From Busan to Seoul seats 1-8 are forward facing and 9-16 are backwards facing. Easy and comfortable way to get between these 2 cities. Get to the platform 30 mins early if you have big luggage and stow in between each car. Book tickets online at LetsKorail.com. If you get a seat facing backwards, just refresh the browser/restart the process again so a new seat# is assigned. To get a non-stop train, check the times to make sure that the train travel time is 2.5 hours. The stops don’t really add much time though and it’s still quick and efficient.", May 2019
118,3.0,Korean Express Train,"This train service is the fastest train in Korea, they can reach speed above 270 KM/H but unfortunately this service is not running in dedicated line but sharing with other train service. If you have sensitive ear than maybe a problem with with your ear. Seat is decent in terms of pitch and width.", January 2019
119,5.0,Civilized way of travelling in Korea!,Took KTX from Seoul station to Dongdaegu for my personal travel.     Although the train was showing some wear and tears it still looked well maintained.    Boarding and departure was on time as usual and ride is very comfortable despite its high speed.     Love the luggage rack space at the rear of the train cars as they are ideal for storing oversized luggage for travelers.    It made a few quick stops at major cities along the way and I arrived in Daegu a few minutes ahead of schedule.   The entire trip took about two hours.     I find high speed train travel in Korea much more convenient than domestic flight as it saves you from heading to airport and clearing security etc.     You can literally show up about 20 to 30 minutes at the station and get on the train.  Convenience factor alone surely beats domestic air travel in Korea., April 2019
120,4.0,Pretty cool,"it was like any other train, much faster that the other local trains. expectation was of a super fast train but this was not even close.", April 2019
121,5.0,Smooth and comfortable,"The ITX train we rode on going to Gapyeong was amazing. It had +20 carts and had upper and lower levels. The seats had ample legroom and could be turned to face the opposite direction, which is good for groups of four if you want to spend most of the ride chatting. There were clean bathrooms and the doors were automatic. I'm glad I was able to experience the ITX rather than taking the bus on my way to Nami Island, Petite France, and Garden of Morning Calm.", April 2019
122,5.0,Comfortable and easy to manage,"We traveled from Busan to Seoul. Our first class seats were comfortable. Though we had the help of local friends, the process of checking in and finding the right location seemed easy. We were hoping to see a lot of the countryside, but we quickly discovered that South Korea is a nation of tunnels, and much of the ride is inside tunnels.", April 2019
123,5.0,Brisk KTX,Loved their schedule and onetime service. Great train and network to be in and around Korea. This service is at par with anything in Europe., April 2019
124,3.0,KTX train from Seoul to Busan,"Taking the train from Seoul to Busan now.After having taken 6 trips on China's High Speed train, this Korean train is certainly not a high speed train. It is just a normal train with limited stops. Trains are a bit dated although the cabin is clean. But toilet outdated. Average speed is about 100 kmp. A bullet train speed in China is between 200 to 310. So don't be mistaken the KTX for a bullet train.", April 2019
125,5.0,Great Transportation,"I love traveling by train and our experience on KTX was exceptional.  We traveled from Seoul to Busan in southern South Korea and it was a dream.  The train was inexpensive, fast and clean...I would rate this above any airline any day of the week.  You get to see the countryside and relax in comfort with your assigned seat...a terrific way to travel.", March 2019
126,5.0,A great experience,"A great trip, I upgraded to first class. Very quiet and comfortable. Power and USB outlets for each row", April 2019
127,3.0,KTX booking problem (when booking abroad),"I've struggled to book a ticket online from the US (east coast) as the website kept throwing reservation errors. It turns the transactions only go through during Korean business hours. If anyone else had this problem, simply wait until it's late (like midnight).  But you will not be able to choose your seat.", April 2019
128,4.0,Two Trips Both Good,"This is an excellent train company, at least on the two long distance trips that I took. The trains were impressively clean and on time. The costs are also very reasonable. The bullet train was impressively quick and handy for the centre of Busan and Seoul.", April 2019
129,5.0,Quick,Quick clean fast and comfortable and only 41 minutes from the city centre and at around £6.00 per journey it’s a real winner, March 2019
130,4.0,"Fast and Quiet train, but a little bit oldies","I usually take a KTX train. It still fast and quiet. However, the train was not clean so smell waa not good. We can also take a SRT train.The KTX trains are neended to change a new one.Sometimes the arrival time could be delayed due to an accidental event.", April 2019
131,5.0,Chose this over flying. ,"It was a toss up about traveling from Busan to Seoul. Glad at chose Korail KTX.I was but certain about booking online so went to Busan station to book the tickets 2 days ahead of the journey. Short queue, questions answered, train selected.I chose the 935 am train, economy class. Cost me about usd 63 for the trip. 2 tickets issued by a printer and charged to credit card.  Couldn't be simpler.  Coach number and seat number assigned. Arrived half hour before the departure time. Checked out the track number. Mine was track 6.15 min before the, an announcement was made to go in. Do check the lighted signboards.Walked to coach 15, boarded and relaxes for the 2 1/2 hr trip. No one e checked my tickets.Smooth ride all the way.Highly recommended.", April 2019
132,1.0,Poor KTX booking service,"I took KTX from Busan to Seoul on 30/3/2019 departure time 14:00.  I came with a group of +/-100 persons (incl. elderly people and children) from Thailand.  It's the first time that I visit Korea. After the train has passed around 2 stations. There are passengers (Korean) who got the tickets with the same seat number.  They asked us to get out from the seat but we refused.  After that, our tour leader and the guide were tricked by train officer.  He told us to move to the next car which has more seats.  So, in order to avoid trouble and argue with Korean passengers, we moved to next car. but there are no seats at all.  This mean all of us have to stand for 2 hours to Seoul. The officers (old man and lady) in KTX has low service mind and can't communicate in English.  I could say the rail system in Japan and China train are even better than KTX/Korail.  Moreover, even you want to send the complain letter, they have no e-mail or FB to hear the feedback from customer as well.  So, don't expect for improvement in near future.", March 2019
133,5.0,Loved how easy it was to travel via KTX,"Although the prices seem a little high, think about the distance you are travelling.  40,000KW takes you about 400 kms.  Very comfortable and great views along the way.", March 2019
134,5.0,Very comfortable with free WiFi ,"Seoul Station to Deaugu, KTX is the best means of transport. KTX makes my visit very easy and comfortable. To and fro same day is only possible via KTX. Further being a foreigner, we do not have local sim or any 4G facility, thanks to KTX for free high speed WIFI.", March 2019
135,5.0,Great way to get across Korea,"We really enjoyed our trip on the KTX from Seoul to Busan and back. It was fast, efficient, clean, comfortable, and a good way to see some of the Korean landscape outside of the main cities. Onboard wifi and USB charging ports are a bonus.However, the ticketing and seat booking process is somewhat confusing - despite pre-purchasing our passes, we had to sort out our tickets once we were in Seoul as we were travelling with kids and both the website and phone customer service was unclear. Also, seats at popular times at popular times book out quickly, so do this earlier if you can.", March 2019
136,5.0,It has WiFi and charging points,We took this train twice from Seoul to Busan and Busan to Seoul. It’s nice to have WiFi in the train and charging points since it’s around a 2 hour trip. The train is not new but it’s in acceptable condition., March 2019
137,5.0,KTX train,"What an amazing experience to drove at 300km/h through the midlands of Korea. Changwon to Seoul. Stations are clean and tidy, so are the trains", January 2019
138,5.0,"Convenient, fast and clean",We use this train to go to & fro Seoul - Busan. Its really fast which only using 2h30m for a distance of 329km to travel to the destination. The train is clean and comfortable. Highly recommended if u wanna travel to busan or Seoul for sight-seeing view., March 2019
139,3.0,KTX train to Busan from Seoul,"We had a pretty bad experience taking the KTX train from Seoul to Busan. We did some research prior to our trip to Seoul and all reviews said there were multiple and regular trains to Busan. When we reached Seoul Station at around 1 pm, we were told by the counter staff that the next available direct train was at 5 pm plus. As we did not wish to waste our time (4 over hours) waiting for that train, we took the next offer to go on another train departing at 2.45 pm but there were NO seats left and we have to stand all the way to Busan and there were 6 stops before it reached our final destination. The worse nightmare in the train was that there were actually NO standing space. We have to stand outside the toilet and or near the space for putting the lugguages. Besides us, there were also others standing around too. One guy literally sat on top of the toilet seat throughout the journey when nobody used the toilet! 🙄Lesson learnt: make sure to buy the ticket online prior to your trip if you wish to take the train to other cities in South Korea. The reason why we did not buy the tickets prior to our flying there was, we read a number of reviews and all these reviewers said there will be NO hassle getting the train tickets upon arrival in Seoul! That is definitely incorrect information! PLEASE REMEMBER to buy the tickets online from Korail’a website prior to your trip!", March 2019
140,5.0,Experience High Speed Rail,"Travel from Seoul all the way to Busan in under 2.5 hours. It was a smooth ride with free WiFi, comfortable seating  Travel on KTX several times.", April 2018
141,5.0,Travelled from Busan To Seoul,Very fast and efficient.We used the first class carriage which was roomy and comfortable.each seat had USB & socket charging points., March 2019
142,4.0,"Efficient, Fast and Comfortable","We have used the KTX six times now, always between Seoul and Daejeon, which is an hour out of Seoul on the Seoul to Busan line.Tickets can be booked online, where you can select an English language version of the website and it it VITAL to pre-book, well in advance, because trains fill up.  Bizarrely, once booked, you are unlikely to be asked for your ticket as KTX employees patrol the carriages making a note of occupied seats, hence, as long as you have a ticket and are sitting in the correct seat, you are fine.Seats are comfortable, in pairs, although there is an option when booking to request a group of four with a table between - few in number, very popular and sell out quickly.  You have a foot rest and a lap table which folds away into the back of the seat in front.  There are toilets in each carriage, together with mother and baby  facilities, and we have been given bottles of water by staff asking through the carriage, although not on every occasion.Etiquette on the train, of which you will view various videos on the subject on the overhead screens in the carriage, is that passengers are quiet whilst the train is in motion.Announcements regarding the next station are given about five minutes in advance.  The train does not stand in any station for very long, so you do need to be prepared. Announcements are given in Korean and English.There are luggage racks overhead, but these are only really suitable for hand luggage.  If, like us, you are catching the KTX after a long haul flight and have large suitcases, you will need to store them in the luggage area by the doors of the carriage and this is my biggest gripe with the KTX trains - they are sadly lacking in luggage storage for large pieces, which is unusual for a service which is running outwards from the capital city.  The step up and down into the carriage is also high and steep and requires some effort with a large suitcase, although the Korean people are exceedingly polite and helpful and I have had many incidences of help with getting on and off trains.When arriving at Seoul station and potentially progressing onto the metro system, you will also find that it is not always user friendly for those with heavy luggage, with stairs being the only option at some stations and some quite lengthy walks between stations.Because of this, we are planning to use the bus in future.  But, if you aren’t loaded down with luggage and are young and fit and strong, then this is an excellent way to fan out from Seoul to the regions of Korea.", February 2019
143,4.0,Comfortable!,"The first time to take KTX from Seoul to Busan, efficiency with a high speed. Comfortable seats that are good for sleep in the morning or the midnight.", February 2019
144,4.0,An option,I Have considered this option only because my route gave me no alternatives...It is not a cheap way to move from Busan to Seoul and viceversa (as well as Korean Air flights every hour at a very reasonable price) but I have enjoyed the free wifi and the comfortable sears, February 2019
145,5.0,EXCELLENT OPTION!,"KTX is an excellent option if you are traveling in Korea served by this rail line. Super clean, efficient reservation system, free wi/fi, overhead t.v., quiet and fast. Busan to Seoul in 2.5 hours! Of course you will pay for this privilege but it is well worth it. Great value for the money.", December 2018
146,5.0,Great transportation,I have taken the train a couple of times between Seoul and Gumi. They are very comfortable and always on time. Great way to travel in South Korea., March 2018
147,5.0,Efficient,"At speeds reaching 295 km/hr, I found this an amazing way to travel Korea. Train was on time. Easy and relatively inexpensive ticketing. Clean. Great layout at stations. Seats with phone charging ability. Snack vending machines and toilets on board.", February 2019
148,5.0,17 Minutes to Gangnam!,I've taken this a few times and it's completely worth the drive to the station to catch the KTX.  Only 17 minutes to Gangnam!!!, January 2019
149,5.0,COSY,"The train is very clean, cosy and worth for the price. Its on time. You can see the beauty scenery along the track", January 2019
150,5.0,Fast and Less Stops than Other Train,"Get to Nami Island from Seoul and return is fast using this one, just have to know where to find it because it only found at particular station", November 2018
151,5.0,Clean & on-time.,"runs like clock works, and cheap and fast enough for a day trip to Busan from Seoul.  Sure beats the waiting on the airport for a short ride.", March 2018
152,4.0,So fast and nice and clean.,"I like to take KTX train when I don't want to take the bus, or I want a faster way to get home. KTX is very convenient. A can be pricey, which is the negative. It gets you faster to your destination, compared to the bus, but it can be pricey. However, the ride is smooth, and you can rest and pull your chair back to rest. So much more comfortable just a little bit than being in the airplane.", February 2019
153,4.0,Fast and comfortable fast train service,Took the train service from Daejeon and Seoul and it was an extremely smooth ride. Seats were comfortable and there was wifi on board. Trains generally ran on time and You could get tickets online or at the train station itself. Just a point to note that it’s best to buy your return ticket ahead of time because certain routes are very popular and it might be inconvenient if you do not manage to get a ticket which entitles you to a seat because it means standing in the small space between train carriages, December 2018
154,5.0,Easy and direct access from Inchon Airport,"Inchon Airport has signs, and the ticket counter has English Speaking clerks. Trains can be local (stops before Seoul) or Express (non-stop). Very clean, modern, inexpensive.", February 2018
155,4.0,A great way to get to Busan from Seoul,"A comfortable ride, although not as fast as you would expect or as hyped (not as fast as Shinkansen). Coach seats are comfortable and the view from the windows is good. Limited food and drink on board (just a few vending machines), so bring your own (lots of choices in the station). Arrive early to avoid the last minute rush of boarding the train, especially if you have large luggage over 21 inches. As seats are reserved, pretty much exclusively, buy on-line ahead of time. Note that KTX website in English can be frustrating and make sure to read the entire page before submitting. View out the windows is good, but your neighbors may put the shades down and block your view. Train was clean and well maintained.", December 2018
156,5.0,smooth ride,"went to Busan with KTX train.  Since i purcuas business class ticket, the seat is very comfortable with a lot of leg room.  Although it is not the same ""business class"" as the airline can provide, with only a little bit more than two hours ride, this is the best and cheapest business class ticket you can get. Totally worthy, in my opinion.  In addition, you can arrive at the platform 10 minutes before the departure time (2 hours for your air travel!!!) , no checkin, no security checkpoint, no passport.....no hassel!!   You can get up and walk around as you wishes. Also, free wifi is available too.  Overall, its a good experience.  I'lll definitely choose KTX again to other cities in Korea next time when I travel.", November 2018
157,5.0,Train to Busan,"Very convenient way of travelling from Seoul to Busan. The KTX had USB charging ports and drink vending machines. Best to purchase some food and drinks before boarding the KTX. Took approximately 2 - 3 hours to reach from Seoul to Busan and vice versa. There were multiple timings for the train and you can either purchase your ticket at the train station or online. First time taking the KTX after going to Korea for so many times. Nonetheless, efficient way of travelling from the northern region of South Korea to the southern region. A bit pricy but worth the journey. I was also recommended by my friend to purchase tickets via Klook which was slightly cheaper.", January 2019
158,5.0,Efficient Train Ride,"Took KTX to Busan and train ride was good, uneventful 2h10m experience.  Bought tickets on line before I arrive and was able to print them.  Took metro to Seoul Station, looked up track (avail about 1 hr before departure) and boarded.  Bought second class tickets (4 seats across width of train with center aisle).  Seats were comfortable.  Took some snacks and napped a bit and was in Busan before you knew it.  Very efficient service.", December 2018
159,5.0,"Watch ""Train to Busan""    :)","Caught the KTX from Busan to Seoul and back again. Annoucements at the KTX stations are in Englih so it's easy to find the right platform when the time comes.The trains departed on the dot (so don't be late), the seats were comfy and clean.Travel time is apporx. 2.5 hours in each direction.There's a movie called ""Train to Busan"" which was a hit - catch it if you can, you don't have to know Korean to enjoy it.", December 2018
160,5.0,Korea in December,"Best way to go from Seoul to Busan. Train is clean and efficient. Timing is really on the dot, don’t be late :)", January 2019
161,5.0,fantastic experience,"fast, convenient, extremely clean, great impression of the Korean countryside, unforgettable experience", December 2018
162,3.0,just a regular interior but fast!,"wanted to try this fast train just to compare with shinkansen and tgv. the interior is just like a regular train, but it helped us to arrive in Busan only <3 hours.", November 2018
163,4.0,convenient and cheaper option for single/couple,"Leaves every 30-40 mins, English spoken at ticket counters, refund on plastic card/ticket at end of use. Comfy and clean train. Make sure you get on the one that has only one stop.", December 2018
164,5.0,Easy to navigate,The KTX was a great way for us to get from the airport to our destination and back at the end of our trip! Easy to navigate and enjoyable and clean., December 2018
165,2.0,Not up to par with other high speed rail,"The very first thing I noticed about this train is that it almost looks like an Amtrak train, inside and out. The train design is outdated, and certainly doesn’t look like it belongs being a bullet train. I will get back to the design issue shortly. On the inside, half of the cars seats face forward, half backwards, with no ability to change them. There is also no way that I know of to determine which direction your reserved seat will face. That aside, the inside of the train is stuffy, the grey carpet roofing tacky, and just a generally dated design.Here is where the exterior and interior design issues come together: the train hits speeds of up to 265km (164miles) per hour. It’s cabin does not pressurize/depressurize properly, leaving you with bloated ears and general discomfort most of the way. Combined with the stuffy interior, and a backward facing seat, you may, like me, wish you had taken a bus.One other thing I learned about this train is that other than different colored seats and a tad more space and free bottled water, there is no additional benefit to reserving first class seats, something which even Amtrak in America has figured out.For some perspective, I’ve been on high speed trains in Europe and Japan, and other than its speed which the cars are ill-suited for, this train is not in the same league. It’s just a regular train with a powerful engine, totally not meant for the sub-par cars it’s attaches to.", December 2018
166,5.0,Use public transportation in Korea,Trains and subways are very easy to use and much cheaper than taxis. You can get a subway/train card and load money on it as needed., December 2018
167,4.0,KTX Train,"We traveled round trip from Seoul to Gyeongju by KTX train. The KTX Train was timely and and priced reasonably. The cost was about 50-60 USD per person for economy and took about 2 to 2 1/2 hours each way to travel the 275  to 280 km. The ride was comfortable, the seats were similar to economy class by air with more room. There is also space for luggage. The KTX trains are designed to provide timely transportation and they do. The KTX car was was one of 18 on our train, the passenger compartments were a comfortable temperature and there is no smoking, both of these features were appreciated. Having never ridden a “bullet” train we were pleased that neither acceleration nor deceleration was too noticeable. The train did not have a dining car so if you wish food or drinks you need to bring your own. Lastly the KTX train’s have many convenient  terminal locations . Met our desires as transportation and was uneventful in a good way.", November 2018
168,5.0,"Clean, on time and fast train ","Took a train from Busan to Seoul. Ticket priced at 59,800 won per pax for economy class.Train depart on time and it’s very clean and cosy ride. Instead of taking domestic flight, this is another option to consider.Merry Xmas!", December 2018
169,5.0,KTX,"I have travelled on KTX in economy and First class, it is an excellent way to travel, the trains are very punctual", August 2018
170,5.0,"KTX = Definition of comfort, speed, and already there?","Going off from the title, I was relax and have my own time, but because it was so comfortable, my 2 hour ride felt like 10 minutes and helped me realize the simplicity and benefits of riding this. 10/10 definitely would recommend to others.", January 2018
171,5.0,Fast,Perfect way to get from Soeul to Busan.    Very comfortable three hour trip.  Runs regularly..  Great way to see the countryside., July 2018
172,5.0,KTX train perfect way to travel,We booked 1st class roomy and comfortable. Service excellent the cars interiors are very nice quality.  High technology went into this system, September 2018
173,5.0,travel fast and relaxed?,then use the KTX. Nice and smoth from A to B on low fares. Don't use the crowded roads. Tickets are easily to get online. Even for foreigners. So check it out., December 2018
174,5.0,Korean Holiday,"High-speed KTX trains are a fast and comfortable way to travel to Busan.  With a top speed of 305 km/h (190 mph), the KTX-Sancheon is the second commercial high-speed train operated in South Korea and the first domestic high-speed train that is designed and developed in South Korea.  Travel time is approximately 2-1/2 hours.  A limited number of KTX trains run directly from Incheon Airport to Busan.  Service from Seoul Station in Central Seoul to Busan is more frequent and more convenient.  You can make your reservations for a seat or standing room directly or over the internet at a discount.  We made seat reservations over the internet.", November 2018
175,4.0,KTX and ITX,"Its definitely a must if you travel out of Seoul, because subway will took forever and confusing if the same colour subway line had a split in route, the subway captain will only report in Korean! Although it's expensive but consider the distance and speed, I feel it is justified. Comfortable and hassle free. If you can't get a seated ticket, there is few cabinet where you can seat provided if is not occupied.One great thing I notice is KTX or ITX station. Lift is link all the way to ground level! OK for baby stroller or handicap, you will greatly appreciate this! Carrying baby stroller climbing those staircase are a nightmare!!!Enjoy my ride! But hope that the train ticket conductor can communicate in English will be a plus!", November 2018
176,5.0,Very convenient for a travel access the country ,"So far I have traveled for at least 5 times with KTX during my business trips to Korea and every single time I’m super impressed. Trains are always on time, Internet works well, seats are very comfortable and there are sufficient space. Super clean and tidy etc. The price of a train tickets is a bit high, but the travel is worth the money. It’s Very convenient!", November 2018
177,4.0,Very convenient traveling in South  Korea,Easy to buy tickets and the seats are assigned.There are food and drinks available on board.Just only one thing I don't understand is their seating plan.They have half of the seat facing towards the way and another half sitting backwards., November 2018
178,5.0,easy to use and comfortable,"I caught the KTX train to Busan. It was easy to manage at the station as the signs were very clear, we had numbered seats which were very comfortable. This is definitely the way to move around quickly.", November 2018
179,2.0,Bad experience,"This could be an isolated case but when I took the KTX from Busan to Seoul, there was a power outage which caused the train to be delayed by more than 4 hours. KTX staff could not speak English and I had to figure things out on my own (where to take the train, when will the train arrive etc). The journey from Busan to Seoul in the end took 6 hours, with long stops at various stations. I am highly disappointed in the service, considering how high the price is compared to other mode of transportation. Would expect staff to be able to converse in basic English or announcements to be made in English.", November 2018
180,4.0,A great way to travel,"The KTX  is a very effective way of travelling in Korea. The advantages are that you know timings which can help at the arrival end, the seats have plenty of legroom but there is no meal service on the train although on the trip when travelling First Class from Seoul to Busan we did a small box with some nuts and pretzels, hardly a snack so you should take some food and drinks.", October 2018
181,5.0,unbelievable,"if you dnt want to be lost in KTE stations, a navigational map is a must because train line inter change a lot.  There is an english translator in every stop.  Slow pace on the right side.", November 2018
182,5.0,Clean and Fast,"Korean train system is one of the best in the world. They are fast, on time, and clean. If you need to travel around Korea this is the way to go.", October 2018
183,5.0,Quick and Convenient,"I travelled from Seoul to Busan round trip in October on the KTX,  The trip was easy to book online and left and returned to Seoul Station.  If you catch a taxi and have luggage, be sure to ask the driver to drop you close to the elevator at Seoul Station.  Train travel is  a lot more relaxing than flying, having to be at the airport early, and having to deal with standing in lines for security and collecting your luggage.   All train stops are announced in five languages.", October 2018
184,5.0,High speed trip to Busan and back same day.,"Easy to get ticket and reserved seat at main Seoul station. Impressive train - looks like French TGV and over twenty coaches long. Good views of the countryside. Interior of train is clean and neat and refreshments easy to get. Nice trip to Busan, couple of hours in that city and then back to Seoul.", April 2018
185,5.0,Book Online if You Want a Reserved Seat,"Its very efficient and comfortable, but we suggest you book online in advance if you are expecting a long trip so you don't go through standing.", November 2018
186,5.0,"Train to Busan, Great way to Explore!","I purchased a KTX ticket to Busan from Seoul Station a few days prior. The tickets are fairly expensive, but in the end the ride was quick and convenient. I arrived at the platform about 15 minutes before departure and the train left on time. It was about a two hour, give or take, ride to Busan. The train was quiet, smooth, spacious, and comfortable. Overall, great experience!", November 2018
187,5.0,The best way to see Korea,"We used KTX trains to travel from Seoul to Jeonju, Gyeongju and Busan. The KTX network is fantastic! The tickets are relatively cheap, much cheaper than Japan's high speed trains. The trains are so fast and smooth with comfy seats, travelling is a pleasure instead of a chore.", November 2018
188,5.0,Fast and smooth way to travel,"KTX is the Korean version of Japan's bullet train that whizzes you around Korea at speeds over 300 kph. Our journey from Seoul to Pusan took just over 2.5 hours which was far quicker than flying, considering we didn't need to get out to the airport or check in early. The carriages were clean and the seats comfortable.", October 2018
189,5.0,Fast and Efficient,The KTX is a fast and efficient way to go to Seoul from the airport and vice versa. The seats are very comfortable and there are plenty of space to put your luggage., May 2018
190,4.0,Train ride to Busan,"the ride was enjoyable. I was able to enjoy some nice scenery on the way to Busan. Even though, we choose the economy seat, it was very clean and quite spacious.", October 2018
191,5.0,Seoul to Busan Hi-speed train,I highly recommend taking this train from Seoul to Busan.  I did 1st class which is about $71.00.  The seats were nice and wide with ample leg room.  You get free water and some snacks as well.  Not sure it was worth the $20 difference from economy class though.  There is free WiFi on the train.  Its a nice a way to see Korea as well.  Enjoy your adventure., November 2018
192,4.0,Confort and simpaty,"I ask ti change my ticket for a early train, bit the train was soldout, but the lady that was selling the tickets, ask me to wait and she was checkinh all the time someone cancel the ticket, and sh had sucess", November 2018
193,5.0,Korea Trains system is great.,Staffs are helpful. The English signs are clear. Ticket vending machine is user friendly for people do not know Korean. Great System., October 2018
194,4.0,Fast and Efficient,Great service. Enjoyed the ride from Busan to Seoul.The online booking process was efficient. Collecting the tickets from Busan station was quick., October 2018
195,5.0,"Smooth, fast and comfortable","We took the KTX from Seoul to Pusan (Busan).  Our hosts paid for our tickets and we went 1st Class.  It was very spacious and comfortable.  There are great views of the Korean countryside, which is very pleasant, especially the rice paddy fields.  The train is quiet and you don't realise how fast you are going until you pass a train coming in the opposite direction.  With both trains travelling at close to 300 km/hr, a 200-metre long train flashes by in less than 1 second.", October 2018
196,5.0,Great railway,I enjoyed using the KTX to go from Seoul to Daegu.  It was a quick 2-hour ride in a clean and peaceful train car.  Will do every chance., October 2018
197,3.0,Train to Busan!,"If you are going to Busan, do take this train which takes 2 hours & 40 minutes. I find that the flexi 2 day pass is useful & cheaper compared to purchase single trip. However, this is not a bullet train so it actually quite slow as compared to shinkansen.", October 2018
198,4.0,Well connected and very fast,"I had taken the KORAIL Pass for tourists for 3 days as I on the first day itself I was travelling from Seoul to Gyeongju, next day from Gyenongju to Busan and then to Seoul. If you don't have KORAIL Pass, you can purchase the tickets. It is faster and the seats are comfortable.", November 2017
199,4.0,Quick trip from Seoul to Busan,The KTX is the best way to travel from Seoul to Busan. The fast speed train only takes 2.5 hours for the 330 km. The seats are not luxurious but comfortable enough. The train makes the most sense for this distance., September 2018
200,4.0,First class from Busan to Seoul,Comfortable.  Clean.  On time.  Limited staff.  Easy to use. Efficient.I would use the train system again.  Overall a good experience.  We traveled from Busan to Seoul with no issues., October 2018
201,4.0,Train to Daegeon,"Train on time slightly expensive, Seating arrangement is not realy spacious. Overall the distance is not far so its ok.", October 2018
202,4.0,Trains are on time and relatively cheap,"I booked the KTX first class from Busan to Seoul. You go to the platform 15-20 mins before departure. Basically no security checks whatsoever. When you book online, the tickets are immediately issued and you would have to print out a physical copy and save it as a softcopy for backup as they do not email a copy to you. There is no need to exchange the printout again at the station for another ticket. The pros are the trains leave on time and the first class has enough leg room, some cookies and water is provided. There are areas to store limited large baggages on either side of the car and smaller ones can go on top of the cabin seats. This is run like a lean machine, very few employees on board. There is free wifi but signals can be intermittent. Ride is smooth. The pleasant experience is somewhat marred by the behavior of some of the passengers. There are a few who will target foreigners and pressure them into thinking they have the wrong seats and to give it up. Finding your correct seat is idiot proof so there is no way one can sit in the wrong place unless it is deliberate.  Everything from the Train, Car and seat Number is stated clearly on the ticket so stand your ground if this happens even when they start to talk loudly or argue to embarrass you. I suspect many do not adhere to their asdigned seats or pay extra for a higher class seat and move around the train hoping they can get away with it. Other than this, it is a fast and pleasant way to get around major cities in Korea. I would give this 4.5 stars as a train service and 3 stars because of some minority passengers.", October 2018
203,4.0,Efficient and dependable.,"I use the KTX for business trips.  The trains are punctual.  Once in the train, the car seats are comfortable.  Would be great if they had charging stations.  Otherwise, the KTX is a great comfortable ride when traveling in Korea city to city.", July 2018
204,4.0,"Nice, smooth but wasn't punctual!","I travelled on KTX from Busan to Seoul. The train departed on time and I was sitting in economy class which was comfort, smooth and quite nice. However, the train made 5-6 stops before approaching to its final destination at Seoul station. Hence, it arrived Seoul 32 minutes later than estimated.", October 2018
205,5.0,Gets you where you need to go,I took the KTX from Seoul to the Olympic village and again it was fast and efficient;  it will get you anywhere you need to go in Korea., January 2018
206,4.0,Nice Ride BUT WiFi Not Working (Seoul to Busan),"Definitely the way to go - buy tickets in advance online. Pros:- FAST (300kph) modern & comfortable trip. - Recommend 1st Class - roomy seats- GREAT scenery!!!- Both stations easy to maneuverCons:- NO WiFi - wasn’t working!!- No food - bring your own snacks, food & beer.", October 2018
207,5.0,"Great, Quick",Took the KTX from Seoul and Busan. Found it comfortable and it was a neat way to see South Korea. Didn't have much issue with luggage. Do recommend trying if traveling long distances., September 2018
208,5.0,"Efficient, comfortable and easy, but not cheap.","If you're used to cheap train travel in many other parts of the world, the ticket prices in Korea may be a shock, but it was good value given the reliability, comfort, on-board wifi and speed to get all over the country.  When we accidentally left a shopping bag on one of the overhead racks, we were directed to lost & found where we showed out seat number & asked if they found it to send it to the train station in Busan where we were headed a few days later.  To my amazement when we went to lost & found on arrival in Busan a few days later, the lovely staff had our bag waiting for us!", October 2018
209,4.0,good train,Very convenient.But the seats are a little too small for an adult.In my opinion maybe they can make the seats larger about 50%.I am an Asian still think it is too small.非常便利。但是唯有椅子似乎超嫌狹小。我個人認為或許他們可以把椅子加大50%左右。我身為一個亞洲人都嫌椅子有點小了。, May 2018
210,5.0,Good,"travel a few time with the ktx and i like it a lot, it cost a lot more then normal train but you are much faster at you destination. second class is realy good, enough legg space, ...toillets are clean, free wifi,i recoment it for sure if you travel far.", April 2018
211,5.0,"On time, clean with good customer service on 1st class","I travel 1st  class, it was more convenient with a baby and prices were 25 to 50% less expensive than in France. Services was good with water bottle free and a snack offer.", October 2018
212,4.0,"Efficient & clean, and can be very busy.","10 million people living in Seoul means the KTX underground rail system is used by a lot of people as an alternative to using cars and buses to get around this busy and vibrant city. Buy a re-loadable ticket at the subway (or I believe 7/11?), then load up on fare before you go in. Fares are reasonable. English can be selected on auto machines too. Easy to follow to load money.Subway is very busy esp in Peak hour. We were very frustrated when lifts and escalators were not working due to having a painful foot injury. Each stop is announced in Korean and English. Most trains have a screen to display upcoming stop too.Expect to stand up most times. KTX is a good reliable system to reach many places in Seoul and outlying areas. Good for tourists too.", October 2018
213,5.0,EPIC RIDE!,I just have a thing for trains! I loved every minute of it! I loved that there weren't a lot of people during the time we went so it was quiet and I really had fun taking in the view! BUSAN was awesome! Better than my experience in Seoul! Must definitely take this train to experience its glory!, April 2018
214,4.0,Speedy and On-time,"I took an early morning train from Seoul Station to Cheonan city. Train arrived on-time and it was a comfortable ride.Even it was more expensive than taking the underground train to Cheonan, it was worth to take KTX which provided much faster service.", September 2018
215,4.0,Train to Busan and back,"We took KTX to go to Busan and also because of the legend of Train to Busan. We enjoyed the ride - it was fast, clean and efficient. We got our tickets few days before the date and on our way back we got the train from Shingyeongju, which looked like a relatively new station. Coming form a country with weak transportation systems, KTX blew our mind.", September 2018
216,5.0,Efficient and affordable,"Clean, fast, reliable trains. The only issue is you get your single ticket deposit back of 500 won and I had 5 people, so I was constantly carrying around a pile of change.", October 2018
217,5.0,Comfortable,"A very comfortable ride to Busan. It was on time. If the tickte shows the departure time is 6am, the train's door will be closed at 6 am.", April 2018
218,4.0,Seoul to Busan and back,"The train ride from seoul to Busan was fantastic. The trains were fast, clean and spacious. The windows were very clean which meant you got a good view of the scenery as you went past. I would highly recommend.The only thing worth flagging is that around the weekend and public holidays the train can book out so book early.", June 2018
219,5.0,Smooth Ride,"Went from Busan to Seoul on the KTX and found the ride to be smooth and quiet, internet access is provided. Get in early if you have a lot of luggage to secure.", September 2018
220,4.0,"Fast, easy to access, not enough waiting room",Korea’s bullet trains get the job done. Gets you to any major city from Seoul within 2 hours-ish. Amenities are basic but that’s okay because you are never on the train for long enough.My one pet peeve is the lack of sitting room in Seoul station. Had to resort to sitting in McDonald’s to wait for my train., May 2018
221,5.0,Great way to experience Korea,"Fast, clean, and friendly staffs. I am shocked by the fact that the staff did not even check our tickets. I love how they easily believe in people. I feel so safe and welcome along the trip.", September 2018
222,5.0,"The best, if not only way to travel to Busan from Seoul","KTX is the best, quickest and most comfortable way to travel to Busan.A day trip is easily done, with leaving Seoul early and coming back the same evening/night. 1st class is worth the little extra, as it not only more comfortable, but also quieter.", May 2018
223,5.0,"Great way to get far, fast",A super easy way to travel far and fairly inexpensive. I was able to do a day trip from one end of the country to the other with ease. Just be careful if you fall e. The ride is smooth and you might miss your stop., July 2018
224,5.0,Easiest trains to catch,Rook the KTX to Busan area. It was super easy and a pleasure to ride. Model of transportation. Great job Korea., September 2018
225,5.0,Comfy and Super fast,"I went from Busan back to Seoul by KTX, the train was lovely and comfy as well as super quiet even though the carriage was full :') the train was super fast and only too around 2/2.5 hours to get back into the city the views of Korea were amazing seeing all the small villages and towns as well as the mounatins and green areas. so pretty!", December 2017
226,4.0,No brainer,"Totally smooth travel from Seoul to Daegu.it also provides wifi and power points.if you're going to daegu or seoul, the KTX is the way to go", October 2017
227,5.0,World class transport from Incheon to Seoul Station,"Runs on time. Roomy and comfy with free fast wi-fi. Clean toilets on board makes the trip to and from the airport a breeze. Ground staff are warm, polite and very helpful for any queries.", August 2018
228,5.0,No brainer....best way to get to Gyeongju / Busan,"Trains are always the best way to see a country as you travel long distance through it. We went from Seoul station to Gyeongju ( the meseum without walls) . Tickets booked in UK, no issues. Chose 1st class only £20 extra. Seats very comfortable with trays and recliners. Tip:  if you want to sit together ( the wife insists on this!!!!) seat B and C are together with A across the isle. In first class they do come round with a complimentary pack,containing.......bag of nuts, a cookie and a wipe. Suggest you buy provisions at Seoul station before getting on- prices normal. Train departed platform 6 from Seoul. Carriage numbers are on the platform floor and on side of carriage. Journey to Gyeongju was two hours, believe Busan is 2 hrs 40 mins. Taxi from station to the town Tumuli Park (  by the kings tombs) was 17000. Great tourist info centre at station people very helpful. Train has charging points, announcements in English as well as Korean", September 2018
229,5.0,Excellent,"Tickets were booked in advance using the website exchanged real tickets at station. Trains are accurate even by seconds. Very clean, and the seats are super cool. Good leg space.And if you travel as a group two rows of seats can be turned to face each other.at middle there is a cafe cabin. Power sockets are available. Wifi is onboard", May 2018
230,5.0,Confortable and quiet!,"We went from Busan to Seul in the morning rush hour, and it was very easy to find our track and the train! Its a good choice if you are tired of airport procedures!!", July 2018
231,1.0,terrible service， staff discriminate people,"i am an asian and had to change to earlier train. my original train was scheduled at 10：00.i arrived at the desk 9：10. the lady told us we could catch the 9：35. when she was about to change the booking, two europeans came in and wanted to buy tickets for trains departing at 10：10. the staff chose to serve them first, while i was in a hurry to catch 9：35  train. it took them 10 mins to finish up, and it was 9：20, the staff said sorry for making me to wait.it was possible they could screw me up if it took 5 mins more. it was so rush because if the delay. i cannot accept the explaination from staff that changing tickets is more complex than buying. the time took her to change my tickets was just the same as serving that two europeans.this is discrimination. i hope staff could have some courage to tell every single customer to queue up, and make professional decisions at work.", August 2018
232,5.0,Very efficient,"Not much to say except that it did not disappoint. It was modern, clean and very efficient. If you get a chance to get on one, don't miss it.", August 2018
233,2.0,Help! Does anyone know how to contact them thru email?,"Just checked my online transactions and viola! they charged me around 200,000 KRW.  This is due to their erroneous and not so friendly website.  Note: I have purchased Korail Pass.", August 2018
234,4.0,convenient,"Great to book online, trains were good. Downside is that you still have to have the ticket printed at the station", August 2018
235,4.0,Efficient,"Th train look like old generation French TGV (in fact they are!)  and are thus not the most comfortable but the comparison stops here: Clean, on time, ultra efficient (from online reservation to station indication, to boarding,. etc. The trip was very pleasant.  French technology and South Korean service quality seem to make for a good receipt!", August 2018
236,5.0,KTX - Seoul Station to Busan Station,"Book tru changiwifi (SG) 3 day KTX Seoul to Busan. After confirmation, we reserved our date, time and seat no tru KTX direct website. We can straightaway print their train tickets(showing train no.)Actual day, 20 min before departure, check the station board which track is your train.(No need to go to KTX counter)Limited luggage rack. Best to travel light.On board staff never check our train tickets and depart on schedule.KTX train stop abt 5 station in between. It took 3 hr ride.Return to Seoul, we reserved 1 day in advance the date & time at KTX counter, paying about SGD15 for first class seat which more comfy/snack/drinks available (free). 30 min before departure, just check which track is your train no. on.Travel Light!!...", August 2018
237,1.0,Terrible Customer Service who can't understand English,"I had similar experiences with some of the other travelers here, which clearly shows that yes there is a problem with the KORAIL ONLINE TICKETING SYSTEM!We tried to book the tickets to Busan, and upon clicking payment, the system hang showing an error message. With no email notification, and no reservation number, we figured that the booking didnt went through, so we clicked to purchase the second time. After we show up at Seoul to exchange the tickets, the officer also didnt inform us that we had 2 tickets bought... It was only after we came back from our trip that I realized I was charged twice for the tickets! We tried to call their customer service hotline, but with their limited English, they couldnt really understand me. Also no email or online messenger to contact them, and the only way is to attempt to speak to their staff via the hotline. So after explaining everything, the stuff still didnt understand and just kept telling me no refund as it's pass the travel date already. Even after I explained that it was due to the error on their website, yet they still insist that there's no error on their website, so no refund. SERIOUSLY?!!!! The mistake was from your own website yet it has been incurred to so many customers innocently. For those traveling to Korea, I would suggest that you buy direct from the station and not from online. Also, good luck too as I remember that the staff could'nt really speak much English at the station too!", August 2018
238,5.0,fast connection to Busan,"they speak english at the ticketcounter, so you can get easy to a ticket (seat number). Good connections Soeul to Busan.", April 2018
239,4.0,Very easy and comfortable travel,"First class is definitely better.Convenient and fast,would recommend, we left our large luggage behind,could be better with some food offering", July 2018
240,2.0,Boo,"Clean and fast is the only positives. But pointless WiFi. Pointless air conditioning and uncomfortable chairs. Honestly they say South Korea is the most wired country in the world!!! In most of Western Europe, China and Japan the availability of WiFi far passes Korea!!! Just a general warning.", August 2018
241,2.0,No space for big luggages,There aren’t any areas to put your luggage if you are traveling with ones that cannot be placed in the over head compartments. (Only place is the back seat with the space behind so I suggest you quickly book those) You’ll have to deal with cramming it inside your seat area with no space to put your legs for hours., July 2018
242,4.0,Working connection,"Clean trains, but no services inside, also the guidance to buy ticket is not easi to find out. Price level is quite good.", July 2018
243,5.0,The best way to reach major cities of Korea,"The high speed train service of Korea.KTX connects major cities in the country.Seats aren't luxurious. But, fast and easy to use.I think this is the best way to travel Korea in case you don't drive.", May 2018
244,5.0,Get upgrade to first class if you travel more than 3 hours.,we tried the first class from seoul to jeonju and it is much better. Comfortable seat but refreshment is not that good., October 2017
245,5.0,Couldn't think of a better way to travel,"For our second visit to South Korea the best, fastest and easiest way to travel from Seoul to Jeonju and Busan to Seoul was to take the KTX.  The service was always on time, clean, seat comfortable and traveled in near silence.  As we were on a schedule I purchased our tickets online one week in-advance, an easy booking and payment process.  The ticket price never changes, always a fixed price not like in Europe.  I purchased second class tickets which are significantly cheaper to first class and just as comfortable for a 1.75 hour and a 3 hour journey respectfully.  Seats are assigned and tickets issued immediately online ready for printing at home.  We always take water and pick up snacks in the subway or nearby train station for the journeys, but you can purchase on-board.", April 2018
246,4.0,"Almost always on time, clean, and friendly","Have ridden KTX's all over Korea, especially the Seoul-Daegu and Seoul-Ulsan, and Seoul-Busan route - all less than 3 hours. KTX gets you to big cities fast, and on time. The downsides: high cost (about $50 one-way Seoul-Busan), and lack of knee space. if you can spare the extra money, splurge on the First Class seats!", July 2018
247,5.0,what's not to like?,"Efficient, punctual, comfortable, wifi. Well-priced passes for foreigners that can be cheaply upgraded to first class. What's not to like? NOTE KTX is the long distance bullet train, NOT the airport train. The airport train is AREX.", July 2018
248,4.0,comfortable ride,busan - seoul in 2.5hours with comfortable seat. board 15-20min before departure time so you can find best spot to keep your luggage. there are limited spaces at the end of cabins for bigger luggage. the air conditioner is not working so well during summer. wifi and usb charging point available. toilet looked clean but no water for handwash., July 2018
249,5.0,Website could use some improvements,"Overall, we had a good experience on the KTX. One ride the a/c wasn't working well so they gave everyone in our car a bottle of water.  The website takes a while to get use to and navigate. They could improve the website quite a bit.", July 2018
250,4.0,Good way to cross South Korea,"Traveled from Busan to Seoul in about 2 hours.  Very quick and convenient.  You are given an assigned seat, and it is better to stay there, even if the car is half empty, or risk being rapped by the attendant and told to move.  Very interesting view of South Korea, mostly green mountains, fields and clusters of apartment buildings.  Less suburbanization than you would think.", May 2018
251,5.0,"Express to Seoul in 40 minutes, convenient","Take the express to Seoul, rather than taking a taxi. You will save roughly $70 if you are alone. The KTX costs around $25-$30 per person (depending on exchange rate), so if you are more than 3, you may want to take a taxi. I still think the KTX is more convenient, faster and don't have to worry about traffic or getting into an accident. The train has Wifi, so you will be connected. Cool. There are no drinks or food on the train so if you want to eat something, buy it beforehand. Depending on where you will be actually staying in Seoul, it might be better to take the normal train (not the KTX). The normal train is far cheaper and it costs me only $2 to get to Seoul, instead of the KTX. Yes, it takes 20 minutes longer, but I would rather save $20 for the 20 minutes. :-) Now, there goes the tip. Once the KTX drops you off at Seoul STation, you will have to take a taxi or take the metro anyhow.... assuming you are not staying at Seoul Station area. I have made it to 155 countries. I have an extensive blog at pinchetravels.com, if you want to read more about my travels.", September 2017
252,4.0,Quick trip,Traveled from Busan to Seoul on the KTX. Price was approximately 80000.00 KRW P/person for first class. KORAIL was very helpful at the Busan station and obliged to change our tickets to an earlier train. The train trip was excellent and quick and within a very short time approx 2hr 42 minutes we had arrived at Seoul. Traveling at speeds to a maximum of 299 klm/hr. They are very efficient and punctual on timings. Easy trip!, July 2018
253,5.0,Simple,"We took the train to Busan and then back to Seoul. It was fast, efficient, clean and quiet. Very easy 3-hour journey.", June 2018
254,4.0,Nice train but Japan is better,"in 2017 my Family travel to Japan. and in this June 2018 we travel to Korea.KTX is OK. But in Japan people are quieter. In Korea, I found people talk louder and some people didn't bother to watch the mobile phone without earphone, which makes the train ""noisy"". Older people have reserved seat. But if the reserved seat is full, I don't find the younger people willing to give up their seat (unlike in Japan where all young people seems to right away give their seat to elderly / those in need). Also there are no Officer in Korea Station where we can ask question. The signage not as clear as Japan. In Japan there are officer who were very helpful to both local and tourist.", June 2018
255,5.0,Seoul station to Busan,"The most commonly used mode of transportation to Busan. It was super convenient - we purchased our tickets online (the site is in English thank goodness), printed a copy of our tickets and brought it along. On the day we only had to show the print out to enter and nothing else. As simple as that. Arrive 15-20 minutes before and you’re good to go.", April 2018
256,5.0,The best in the world,"I use this all the time in Korea. It is clean, safe, and affordable. I am the SRT and ITX are also available and sometimes necessary alternatives but generally speaking, the KTX is the way to go. Most Europeans and Japanese are fond of it and of course American have nothing to compare it too.", June 2018
257,5.0,Busan to Seoul,It was surely the most convenient train ride Ive ever experienced. It also offers a nice view of the country, June 2018
258,5.0,Fast,Experience like no other.  You can even watch a movie and won´t feel that you are traveling. Very comfortable sits., July 2017
259,5.0,We took KTX to Nami Island,Ticket can pre-book via ktx website and it is very convenient and save a lot of time let you visit more places, December 2017
260,5.0,Quick way to get around Korea,"This is a quick way to get around Korea in quickly.  I always spend the couple extra dollars to upgrade to first class for the added legroom and USB chargers.  It may be more expensive than taking the bus, but its often worth it.  You can book online at their English site, just search for KTX in google.", June 2018
261,5.0,A wonderful way to travel to Busan,My family and I took the KTX from Seoul to Busan. Purchasing tickets was extremely easy and convenient. The train ride itself was smooth and comfortable. A really wonderful way to travel to Busan., May 2018
262,5.0,Fast and right on time,"If you want a faster way to go to seoul from incheon airport, hop on to ktx. It's very comfortable train going to the city.", June 2018
263,5.0,The ride was amazing!,"While their website needs a LOT of work (or maybe I'm just getting old) - booking the KoRail Pass was really wonky. However, undaunted, I managed it. So glad I did.We travelled from Seoul to Gwangju, back to Seoul, then on to Busan, all via KTX. It was on time to the minute, clean, quiet and FAST! The stations were all modern, clean, and (mostly) with English signs. They've done a fantastic job with their infrastructure. If you're traveling by train in Korea, take KTX!", May 2018
264,4.0,Great High-Speed train,"Whilst on business, I needed to travel from Seoul to Yesu for one of my meetings. Although I am an experienced traveller and have used the Janpanese and Chinese rail systems, this was my first time using the high-speed trains in South Korea.Great on-line booking system meant that I had my tickets ahead of arrivibg in Seoul & a great service on my journeys.Recommended.", October 2017
265,4.0,Reliable trains but rather expensive,"Used the Busan to Seoul service and was happy with our experience. You have plenty of space in your seating, there are power outlet for charging and you can choose whether you want to sit facing the driving direction or backwards. The train left on time and arrived on the minute. Very efficient, only the price was the only concern. Same as flying, however, you end up in the city centre with the train which can be desirable for some.", June 2018
266,5.0,Quick and convinient,"We took KTX from Seoul to Busan and back so conveniently. For foreigners like us, we bought KTX Rail pass online, exchange the tickets and reserve seats when we arrive Seoul Station. All information is so easy. The train platform has all information. Trains arrives and departs quite on time. All seats are comfortable with phone chargers. It might not be as good as the bullet train in Japan as there is still noise but it is not too uncomfortable. You can visit many provinces of Korea through KTX.", April 2018
267,5.0,best way to travel,"Easy to purchase tickets for a necessary seat.. clean, quiet, and peaceful.  timely, punctual, and stress free", May 2018
268,3.0,Needs more luggage room space,"There's hardly any room for luggages, though passing staff were helpful and accommodating to help us place the luggages near the doors of the train.", May 2018
269,5.0,KTX - Seoul to Busan,"It is my 3rd time to take KTX.Took 2hours 44mins from Seoul to Busan.It always punctual, fast and clean.You can have free wifi too.", June 2018
270,5.0,Only way to travel.,"I have completed 8 return trips from Busan to Seoul. Airlines more expensive and time consuming given travel to both airports and security. Booked on line and went to Busan Station to book days, easy, wrote travel days and time to give to staff. Busan has a info. desk to get timetable as would Seoul.Takes 2.5 hrs but delivers you in the center of both cities.Highly recommended.", May 2018
271,4.0,Good trains,"I took a KTX from Seoul to Busan, and thanks to the speed I could did a day visit and get back in the same day. It´s an alternative if you don´t want to take an airplane. They have several trains during the day.", July 2017
272,5.0,Always on time!,"I have taken the KTX numerous times on different connections.  The trains are always punctual to the minute, they are always clean and very comfortable.  And nobody will use his cell phone in the compartment!!!", May 2018
273,5.0,Cost Effective Travel around Korea,"Coming from Australia I can only say our Government have a great deal to learn about public transport. We took the ITX to ChunCheon and for 7300 won each to travel each way it was not only cheap but comfortable and actually on time. The ride was so smooth you forgot you were on a train. Book online at least one day before and select your date and time and you will travel cheap. The Korea Travel Pass is also a great idea but about an 81000 won initial outlay (but you do get greater flexibility). We left ChunCheon earlier than expected (after gorging on Dak Galbi at Dak Galbi Street. and with the help of the wonderful young lady at the tourist information booth, were able to get on an earlier train at no cost. But be beware, if you buy at the station on the day you risk not getting a seat and standing room only.", May 2018
274,5.0,Easiest way to get to the airport,On the way in from the airport i took the bus because i knew precisely where I was getting off - essential when the street names are so similar - but on the way back I took the train which was much easier and very efficient, March 2018
275,4.0,Different for English and Korean page of the site,"My family went to Korea in late March. I didn't want to buy a Korail pass as we only needed a one way ride from Seoul to Busan.Ticket seat reservation opens only 1 month prior and navigating their site is easy enough but there is a difference.With the English page, you can't choose your car or seat number. It is randomly chosen by the system for you, which was a no go for me as I wanted seats near the luggage storage areas. The Korean page however is more comprehensive. I tried it out using google translate and it allowed for a wider range of options including choosing your car and seat number. Downside though is that you have to input a local Korean contact number to be able to reserve it. So in the end, I had our guide, TOP Korea, reserve it for me because I couldn't do it myself. Senior citizen discount was availed of for my parents because I booked thru Amy of TOP Korea thru the Korean page. The English page doesn't have this option.Things to note:1. You print out the ticket and that's it. You don't need to change it for any actual ticket like with other countries. Ours wasn't even checked while on board. Maybe because they could see we weren't local.2. Car and seat counting is in reverse for the Seoul to Busan trip. Car 20 is first and Car 1 is last. Same with seats, row 1 is the last per car.3. Luggage storage areas are limited for the economy cars. I was told by our guide they are generally located between cars 5-7. We took the KTX 251 for Seoul to Busan and we used up all the luggage storage area in between our car, for our luggage alone so yes, it's limited. Over head areas can store backpacks and a smaller sized luggage but was made of see through glass like material so it's better if it isn't too heavy. Their is no space to store luggage behind the last row of chairs per car on KTX 251. We checked out KTX 117 before it left and it seemed to have space. So it's different per train I guess unlike with Japan wherein you can store big luggage behind the last row.4. Arrive early if you have big luggage, the luggage storage areas are also used for product shipments as we saw on our trip. Our train was ready for boarding 30 minutes prior to our trip so we just boarded ahead of time to make sure we had luggage space.5. No food cart on KTX 251 so if you want food, buy at one of the food stalls before boarding the train. There are around 8 food stall stands at the top of the stairs before going down to the platform. More inside the station building itself.6. Navigating the station is clear cut, everything is marked clearly. Boards have announcements constantly updated with English. Boarding area of the KTX trains is pretty small and also clearly designated so you won't get lost. No problem at all even if the personnel don't understand or speak English.Overall, it was a clean, smooth, on time train ride.", March 2018
276,5.0,One of the best train,"I bought a pass for 7 days to go round South Korea and it was the best decision I ever made. It allowed me to go back and forward to the Busan, Seoul, Jeonju, Daegu, Yeosu and many other places cheaper than if you buy single trip on the spot. If I missed the time, I simply go to the ticket counter and ask for the next train without even paying again. It's fast and on time. You won't even feel you are in the train. Nice.", May 2017
277,5.0,Great way to get from the airport to the city,Seoul airport is a good 45 minute train ride away from the city centre so it is best to get the express train from the airport for a direct route to the city. Leave the airport departure and walk to the information centre to buy your tickets which at the end of your ride you put in a machine to help recycle your tickets and get some money back. The information desk is wonderful and directs you to the platform where you wait for your train to arrive near the door that will open according to the carriage number on your ticket. The trains arrive promptly and you need to get on promptly so don’t hang about! A great resource to enhance your travels, April 2018
278,5.0,Quick and Easy,"We took the KTX to Busan and had a great experience. It was easy to book tickets online, and then all we had to do when we got there was board the train. No lines, no problems. It was a great trip.", June 2017
279,4.0,fast and comfortable,"I've taken this to Busan as well as Masan now. Both times were comfortable, convenient and fast. Only problem is if you're lugging large luggages, you'd find places to store it a little hard. Price may be expensive but if you're looking to save time, then this is for you. Best is to head to Seoul Station or book online for KORAIL pass so you save up (esp on group bookings). Only drawback to the pass is you have to go the station to reserve tickets (cannot do that online).", April 2018
280,4.0,Clean but lack of allocated space for luggages,"Excellent experience. It was fast, clean and fuss free. But as we were travelling with large pieces of luggage, I found that we were not able to find allocation space to store it during our journey.", April 2018
281,5.0,Great experience,"Took the KTX from Seoul to Busan. A 2:15 hours journey. The experience was great. A combination of speed and comport, its a great way to travel around South Korea.And the free WiFi on board was a plus!", April 2018
282,5.0,Convenient and efficient express train,"It is very accessible and easy to get train tickets even at the very last moment. I bought my ticket to Busan on the day i was heading there. And I just need to wait for 30 minutes which is enough time for me to grab a quick lunch before boarding the train. The seats of the train is also very comfortable with enough leg room to stretch. The seat can even be shifted so that you are leaning slightly backward and comfortable enough for you to sleep. There is also a removable table for you to put your stuff. For some seats, there are even charging point for you to plug in to charge your electronics devices. Excellent transportation system. Would definitely go for it again when I head to other part of the South Korea.", April 2018
283,4.0,A moderate speed express train ,"Took an early train at 5.30am from Seoul Station to Busan to catch a bus ride to  Changwon city to visit cherry blossom boulevards. The KTX trip lasted 3 hours and each was allocated a comfortable seat. If you missed your breakfast, don’t worry you can buy fastfood at Seoul station and eat it on the express train. There are overhead racks to keep your belongings. Quite a nice experience.", April 2018
284,4.0,Convenient and on time,"After spending many years dealing with the UK rail system, it was an enjoyable experience to catch trains which seem to always run on time!   Easy and convenient, it made train travel pleasant!", April 2018
285,5.0,Could we have this in the USA?,"Comfortable, convenient, easy to figure out, totally terrific mass transportation system.  We took it to the Olympics. You can turn the seats to face another pair, so our foursome could talk.", February 2018
286,4.0,Fast and Comfortable,"The trains were fast and comfortable. People were allotted seats, so no mess there. I wish the train had more amenities and stayed at the stops for maybe longer durations. Otherwise, very fast and convenient.", February 2018
287,5.0,The ONLY way to get around between major cities in Korea.,"With the addition of the east-west KTX lines, it is now possible to go between any major city in South Korea in about 3 hours.  The KTX lines have revolutionized how Koreans live and work in  Korea.", August 2017
288,3.0,Good clean train but not user friendly,"The train seats are clean and comfortable. However, the ticket system can be improved on. From Seoul Station subway, you need to buy a ticket for entry to the KTX terminal. Then when you arrive at the airport, you need to get a refund on the subway ticket. Not very friendly for tourists.", March 2018
289,5.0,Ktx from Seoul to Busan,"I bought the Korail Pass for foreigners as it offered unlimited rides for the day, which was cheaper and timings more flexible than 2 1-way tickets. There are discounts for groups of 2 pax and above. We had made ticket reservations a day in advance but missed our return train. No need to panic as trains between Seoul and Busan depart every 15 min or so. We were prepared to pay a penalty fee if needed, but maybe because we had the 1-day Korail Pass, which offered unlimited rides for the day, the staff only cancelled the departed train tics and gave new tics. No penalty fees! However as it was a last min reservation, we weren't able to sit together. At least it's better than standing tics for 2 hr 40 min!!There're no food bars on the train so be prepared to buy food for long journeys from the station's many food outlets. Luggage racks are available at the ends of each train carriage but it's small so best to go early to reserve spots for your luggage. Usually the train gets into the platform about 20 min before the departure time.", March 2018
290,5.0,Perfect traveling,"We travelled a lot by this amazing train, called KTX during our stay in South-Korea. It is very fast and comfortable seating, all clean washbasins. Staff is very polite and kind. (never asked for our tickets..) Wifi is awesome on board.Recommended.", March 2018
291,5.0,Fantastic train journey in no time at all!,"We travelled from Seoul to Busan by KTX (Korean Train Express). It was a comfortable, time saving and fast journey. It just took us 2 hours 45 minutes.We pre-booked our tickets at Seoul station, if you don't do this in advance you risk not getting a seat and will have to stand for your journey. There were vending machines on board if you wanted refreshments and Seoul station had tons of coffee shops and restaurants if you want snacks for your journey. Pretty much all KTX trains to Busan depart from platform 6, the screens in the stations are clear so it should be obvious which platform is required.The seats were spacious and comfy and the views from Seoul to Busan were amazing! The TV screens in the carriages clearly display which stop is coming up.", March 2018
292,5.0,Exceptional Experience,We took the KTX from Seoul to Daegu (and back) and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  We chose first class to get a reserved seat.  They offer a small snack and free bottles of water in this section.  The high speed service was on time and is a great way to travel to the major cities in South Korea., March 2018
293,5.0,Olympic Train and Route Awesome,"This was a great train experience, fast, clean and on time.  I've taken trains in a lot of countries, so in comparison this rates among the best.  Of course it was new for the Olympics. The added stations, like Pyeongchang, were both functional and and a design delight.  Easy to make reservations even  in English!  You do need to plan ahead though for availability.", February 2018
294,5.0,Busan to Seoul KTX Journey,"On early February 2018, I traveled from Busan to Seoul, Korea by KTX (Korean Train Express). It was a comfortable,  time saving and fast journey. All It take is 2 hr 45 min sitting in the comfortable seat for a scenery ride. Both Busan & Seoul station is located in the downtown of the city, convenience to connect to MTR, Buses and Airport Express line. The ticket price is reasonable, you can book it online in advance.", February 2018
295,5.0,Seoul Station,The best option for taking to/from Incheon Airport.  It cost less than any other options & is faster.  , May 2017
296,5.0,Train to Busan,"We took KTX from Seoul main station to Busan. It was hassle free, convenient and very user friendly. All the train staff speaks decent English and we have no trouble at all to secure tickets. There are overhead space to put your luggage bag but from observation - it might fit", March 2018
297,5.0,Amtrak could learn a few things,"The KTX trains are high speed, and affordable to get from PyeongChang to the airport was 2.5 hours and only about $27 US for an economy seat. ", February 2018
298,5.0,Great way to get around South Korea,"Convenient, comfortable, goes to many locations but have to check the schedule beforehand because it stops early for some locations", February 2018
299,5.0,"Convenient, comfy, little pricey","Took it to and from Seoul to the Olympics. Reliable, convenient, seats are pretty comfy. Just need a little better wifi, and maybe a little cheaper tickets.", March 2018
