,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Authentic local food experience,This traditional market is the best way to know more about the local food culture. The aroma of the korean delicacies surrounds the area where most of the food vendors were concentrated and you will be spoilt for choice at the market. We feel like a local when we sit in front of, January 2020
1,5.0,Netflixfamous streetfood,"Delicious netflixfamous Mungbung pancakes, steamy hot knifecut noodles from the netflixlady, dokkbokki, soondae, soju, streetfood between locals at its top with heatwarming seats", January 2020
2,5.0,An interesting experience,, January 2020
3,5.0,Might be Seoul's Greatest Gem,"A true treasure in Seoul. I miss this place more than anything. The people, be it vendors or those who sit next to you, are incredibly welcoming and friendly. The food is incredible no matter where you go, pick what you like, but also take the advice of the friendly vendors beckoning you to their booths. Love this place dearly and you will too.", December 2019
4,5.0,Street food not to be missed,, January 2020
5,3.0,Worth the visit(but be prepared for the push and shove)!!,"Lots of stalls selling common street food. Extremely crowded and be prepared for lots of shoving and pushing. Found a stall selling fish shape pancake or waffles. The couple manning the stall were very organised and thoughtful. Their pancakes had only three types of fillings - red bean, custard or pizza. Tried all three and would personally recommend the custard filling. They were very generous with the filings.", January 2020
6,4.0,Busy market with lots of things to sell!,"From Dongdaemun subway station, it was approx.15-min walk to market.  We went on Jan.1, and the market was busy, packed with people.  There were some stalls closed, but many were still open.  Market has lots of food options, and things to buy, so you can spend hours there!", January 2020
7,5.0,Worth a visit!,A local market where you can find many authentic Korean food and shops selling souvenirs and snacks. Price are affordable. Sellers are friendly. Love it!, November 2019
8,4.0,Quintessential Seoul experience they say ,We went on New Year’s Day so only the food stalls and a few snack and clothing stalls were open. The oil stench was strong from all the mug bean pancakes and there are dozens of stalls selling pretty much the same thing but we were too I adventurous to sit down especially when we have just had lunch an hour before that. The last thing you want is to horde a couple of seats and not consume enough., January 2020
9,5.0,Loved it!!,"Great place to have lunch. If you want to try transitional cuisine, that’s the place. There are plenty options in a super affordable price. Loved it, specially the dumplings!!!!", December 2019
10,4.0,Street food at the market,"The street food at this market is amazing, weather was cold when we were there but still great to eat at one of the street stalls, seats were heated, so many different stalls with so many different street foods, tourists everywhere taking photos, this is a great stop for tourists and locals a like.", December 2019
11,4.0,Various Korean street food with good price.,, November 2019
12,5.0,Typical Korean market ,, November 2019
13,5.0,Come here more than once ,"I think it is the beat food market in South Korea!!! So much great food you need to try, I would recommend coming here more than one so you can try everything", November 2019
14,5.0,Traditional food street for authentic Korean foods,"If you want taste authentic Korean foods as locals eat, you must go to Kwangjang Market. No where can beat this place for its variety and price. I ate there siting on narrow bench in very crowded center aisle. It was quite an experience. Fried sweet rice pancakes are very good. If you see many local people waiting in line for some food, just try it too. You have to visit this place when you are in Seoul because it is very difficult for  tourist to find those traditional Korean food else where in the city.", October 2019
15,5.0,Cool Place,This is a very cool place to visit. Lots of different things to see. I recommend it! Just walking around is neat, January 2019
16,3.0,You can find any kind of Korean food here,"I love this place because there are a lot of Korean food here. I ate bibimbap and teokbokki, but the taste was not really good. Somehow I still love the place because you can feel the traditional of Korea and how the local interact with each other.", October 2019
17,4.0,Great experience even if you don't eat there,"Kwangjang market is a really good cultural experience of Seoul - it's busy and noisy and a bit smelly sometimes and the food looks like nothing you would ever see in Europe! It's a great place to wander round even if you aren't brave enough to eat there - and yes, you can see the lady from the Netflix series...", September 2019
18,5.0,Good traditional food,This market isn’t as busy as Namdaemun market but is fully enclosed. The stalls are pretty repetitive but variety of food is still good nonetheless., November 2018
19,4.0,Crowded but good,The market was an interesting experience to see and try out the korean street food! It is a bit crowded especially around lunch and dinner time but I think it’s worth visiting. Make sure to try the food there!!, October 2019
20,3.0,An average market,, October 2019
21,5.0,Extraordinary food & culture explosion ,, October 2019
22,5.0,Mostly food,Whole long stretch of street food where u find live squid as well. Egg pan cake is a little bit oily but is very delicious. This place is very special where u can order food and sit in front of the small stall to eat. Price is reasonable. Next to the main food street there are some stalls selling cloths and sports stuff., October 2019
23,5.0,Best Korean food experience,, September 2019
24,5.0,A great way to experience Korean culture,We visited by subway station Jongno 5-ga.It is 50 metres from the station.There are lots of food stalls selling multiple local dishes.We chose a family run fish restaurant that was popular with local people.We had kimchi chilli and cabbage starters and spicy pollock roe stew which blew our heads off much to the amusement of the Koreans.We communicated in sign language.Luckily they sold cold beers.A great experience., August 2019
25,4.0,Lots of “street food” options,"Was initially a bit confused and intimidated by the setup but eventually found it be a very way to discover new food.  Not sure who is buying the clothes on sale but the food stalls definitely attract lots of customers.  Just need the guts to sit down at one of the places and give the offerings a try.  Seems to be segmented a bit by seafood, noodles, etc.  Ended up having delicious food for very little money.  Food stalls were closing up fast at 3PM when we were there so get there early enough to have options.", September 2019
26,5.0,Love it!,"We went there as part of our ""explore Seoul"" trip and it was worth it! The atmosphere and energy were unmatched. The ox head meat made it worth the hassle!", October 2019
27,4.0,Good for one visit only?,, September 2019
28,4.0,Night tour,"One of our stops on the night tour was the Gwangjang Market where some of my family members were brave enough to try eating live octopus. I was not even brave enough to sit at the same table with them. I did try their famous pancakes from one of their vegetarian stalls and was mildly impressed. The best find for me in this market was their donuts. The line was long but moved fast. They could not make them fast enough. My family went back for seconds. If you are ever in this market go for the freshly made donuts (its soaped long instead of round), the taste is worth every calorie. You can watch it being made as well. Priced moderately.", September 2019
29,4.0,Busy food stall market & other stalls,Easy to find from subway exit 9. This market is busy with food stalls & lots of variety. An excellent way to try a little of different korean foods. Other stalls for a whole range of products & goods. Various lanes of stalls spread out so you come back to a central point then take the next avenue., September 2019
30,5.0,A taste of Real Korea ,"We watched  Netflix show about street food of Seoul and it was a must do and see for us when we visited Seoul last week.  We managed to find the stall from the show which makes the famous mung bean pancakes 🥞. The market was so big and it felt like it wasn’t ending.  You can find anything there: food, clothes, fabric, sea food ... it’s definitely a must visit in Seoul as you will experience a real Korean culture.", September 2019
31,5.0,Korean street food classics,"The Kwangjang (sometimes spelled Gwangjang) market is a real foodie heaven. Many resources on the internet say it closes at 6PM and this may be true for many of the shops, however the food scene seems to be going strong at least until 10:00 PM. Here you will find many street food classics such as mung bean pancakes, Korean blood sausage, dumplings, steak tartare, fresh octopus and many others. All menus are in English, I don’t see why you would book a tour to come here to eat - read up on the Korean street food dishes and venture out on your own - I met several nice Koreans as I was hoping from stall to stall who was very friendly and wanted to share their food culture and their Soju with a total stranger. Geonbae!", September 2019
32,4.0,Kalguksu and mung bean pancakes!,"Came here for the knife cut noodles and mung bean pancakes. Loads of shops selling hanboks, traditional decorations and snacks.", September 2019
33,4.0,"The ""Soul of Seoul""",, August 2019
34,5.0,Just as good on a second visit,Street food in abundance. Live fish for sale and local delicacies (unidentifiable to me). Sitting at a stall or one of the rooms is probably better than getting a take-away as the 'to go' option involves a lot of plastic and polystyrene packaging., August 2019
35,4.0,interesting place to visit,worth a visit to check out the food. didn’t spend that much time here but my favourite stall was the kalguksu (knife-cut wheat flour noodles in soup) and mandu (dumplings) stall made famous by the netflix street food show (happy to report that it is worth the hype and the possible wait for seats as it’s now a hot spot for foreigners thanks to the show). it’s also a good place to shop for fabrics if that’s what you’re looking for!, September 2019
36,4.0,Food you should try,This market is more about food than other stuff. You can try a lot of diffrent food. If you are around you should try to eat there!, October 2018
37,4.0,Korean markets,Big markets. Lots and lots of stalls. Dry goods. Cooked food. Textiles. Linen. Toys. Souvenirs. Korean craft.  Good to explore especially during rainy day since it is covered. The textile sections on ground and upper floor is enough to make you lost. All good price. Don’t miss out the food stores. We had the noodle and dumpling at one of the Netflix street food featured stores. Not disappointed., August 2019
38,5.0,Fantastic market. ,Went specifically because I watched on Netflix. Found the noodles and dumpling stall and the crab stall. Both amazing. Really good food from wonderful hardworking people., August 2019
39,5.0,Delicious,"Fantastic market with heaps of small street food stalls. Pretty big area covering the block, heaps of stalls to walk around and can sit down to each at eat. Heaps of variety, catering for truly Korean food. Very tasty and fresh.", August 2019
40,4.0,Great market,"Gwangjang market is a traditional Korean / Asian market. Lots of stalls selling all kinds of edible products, some raw some cooked. A great Street food location or buying some fresh fruit.", July 2019
41,4.0,Lots to eat,"You are spoilt for choice in the market for eateries. The centre food court has many small stalls that offer pancakes, noodles, rice rolls, live octopus, and more pancakes and more noodles. You can also purchase fresh vegetables, seafood and other raw food for your own cooking as it is a market. Another interesting thing to buy is cloth. Rolls and rolls of colourful and beautiful cloth are for sale here with many shops owners trying to make a living.", July 2019
42,5.0,Must visit for an authentic and cheap Korean meal,"Gwangjang market is the place  to see the locals do their daily marketing.  Besides the usual tteokbokki ( spicy ricecakes), you should try the fried  mungbean pancakes, served with a delicious soy sauce onion dip. This market caters to the locals, so it is as authentic an experience watching Korean people buy and sell. A food paradise for people who love to eat or cook.", November 2018
43,5.0,Shopping and eating and clean bathrooms!,"Lots of great shopping and a huge center food court. Great fun, clean, reasonable prices. Loved the clean bathrooms.", June 2019
44,5.0,Amazing!!!!,"What a colourful and sense evoking experience with so many things to eat, smell, see and be a part of! A fabulous market. The kimchi dumplings and mung bean pancakes were amazing! Some good options if you are vegetarian.", August 2019
45,5.0,I had a blast ,"This place is a must see to in my book. I had a Seoul Korean native who lived in the States for 25 years give me a tour after moving back to Seoul for the past 11 years. Took me places that tourist would NEVER see and many Koreans don’t even know about it. This was one of his stops and gave me the history of the Market and how it grew and expended over decades. This is the largest traditional Korean markets and is known for food, silk and anything you want to find. You can also book a tour through TripAdvisor", July 2019
46,1.0,very disappointed,"Went with my brother to have a good experience as seen online. One of the food stall owners was very pushy and persuaded us to sit down after saying she'd give us ""service"" (free food). We ate some and asked if we could take the rest of the food away as we wanted to leave quickly, still thinking it was ""service"". Also important to note I spoke Korean though I'm not 100% fluent. I was quite naive, and at this point she added more food that we didn't ask for. I then asked how much this would all be(as it was a lot for free food) and she told me it was 16,000won. I then felt pressured into paying because she purposefully gave us a lot of food without asking. The stall owner was very old and our Korean wasn't good enough to argue with her. My brother was also feeling sick. At the time, there were a lot of people as well as the weather being very rainy and humid, so we just wanted to get away as soon as possible. Make sure to be very firm with what exactly you want to eat and always ask straightaway as to how much the food will be or make sure that the food is still ""service"" if offered.", July 2019
47,4.0,Great Market Place to experience local culture ,, July 2019
48,5.0,The best food,, June 2019
49,4.0,Traditional market,, June 2019
50,4.0,"Souvenirs, food, something for everyone","No, this is not an upscale, ultra-clean chain department store where credit cards are king -- it is a market with numerous food stalls are centered along the walkways and sellers of fish, produce, silk, souvenirs, kimchi, housegoods and junk line the walkways. For me, all the food looks alike but obviously some are better than others as they are very busy and others have no customers. When in Seoul, one really has to visit -- not necessarily buy, but at least visit.", June 2019
51,4.0,Ideal for local street food tasting,"If you want to taste local street food easily, Gwangjang market should be one of your stop in Seoul. Easy, tasty and cheap.", June 2019
52,5.0,Must visited place on Seoul,"I went there with my korean friend and we tried raw beef dish and korean pancake, which is the popular dish of Gwangjang market. Both were delicious especially korean pancake. I loved it really. It is worth to mention that the vibe and atmosphere there was amazing. It was a bit crowded but that what you should expect to be in local market. There are many things for you to try there, so it is better to go with friends so you can try more dishes.", June 2019
53,4.0,Authentic Local Food,"It is really just a market solely focused on FOOD! Wonderfully authentic and delicious Korean Food! The shop keepers are very friendly and welcoming and can speak a multitude of languages ranging from english, chinese and japanese, so communication really shouldn't be a problem no matter where you're from. All the food is fresh or made on the spot and you can see them prepare it. You can either take away the food or sit down at the stalls themselves to enjoy the food items. Price wise, it isn't expensive at all and you are utterly spoiled for choice of what to eat at Gwangjang market. There is a lot to see and observe and is a definite must-see location when in Seoul. I'd personally recommend ordering the kimbap, japchae, jajamyeon, pumpkin porridge, tobeokki and the kimchi pancakes!", May 2019
54,4.0,Nice concept ,It's like a food market where you can buy street food and walk along the street to find more food. Nothing special unless there is a specific food stall that you want here., March 2019
55,5.0,Food food food!,"If you love traditional Korean food, this is your heaven. Don’t miss the kalguksu stall owned and operated by Yoonsun Cho, covered in Netflix’s Street Food. Yum!", June 2019
56,3.0,Nice market to walk around ,"It's a nice traditional market to look and walk around, but the food section is very crowded and the food selections are actually very similar although there are many stores, and the food vendors would keep trying to sell you their food and may come off as pushy and aggressive which I really felt uncomfortable with. The food selections are mainly street foods such as tteokboki, mandu, fishcake etc, the mung bean pancake I tried was average.", June 2019
57,4.0,Lots to see and buy,"I was brought by my friend to see this local market. There are a lot of food stores, selling a variety of products. In the east side of the market, there are a lot of food vendors selling mungbean pancakes to cold noodles. On the second floor (or first floor if you are British/European), there are vendors selling traditional Korean wedding dresses (similar to Hanbok) and also second hand clothing.", June 2019
58,4.0,Mung bean pancakes,Mung bean pancakes for lunch - yum. Shame you have to find a corner to eat them. This market is a food heaven as long as you can stand the crowds. There are some alleyways around - go for a wander and you will find some hidden treasures., June 2019
59,4.0,Big market,"5 sectors in this market: 1) food 2) clothing 3) Daily necessities 4) dried food and titbits n fruits 5) wet markets for seafood.  Love the dumplings from one stall right at the end of the food alley. Many aunties are selling similar food but depending solely on each skill to attract patrons.   The other alley are stalls selling korean costumes and modern clothings.  You should bargain, but not too much.  Another alley has stalls selling daily necessities, like towels, scrub towels, etc. And another alley has stalls selling the different types of titbits like seaweed cracker, seaweed, almonds.  There is also another alley like wet market, selling seafood and dried fishes.", May 2019
60,4.0,Netflix Street Food featured vendors inside,, May 2019
61,4.0,Great place for local eats,"The food section of the market was still buzzing at 7 pm on a Friday, other sections were mainly shutting down or closed. We stuffed down hand pulled noodles by the Netflix celebrity, washed down with rice beer, gimbap, tteokbokki and live baby octupus. Would definitely visit again and allot more time for discovery.", May 2019
62,2.0,A lot of local food,There are a lot of Korean local food and I'm not surprised that they are not that hygienic. The market itself is too crowded and I don't feel comfortable with it., May 2019
63,5.0,Great place for local food!!,"Many stalls selling the same things, so pls read up or watch Netflix before going over. Have to try the mung beans pancake and knife noodles and dumplings. Go where the locals eat!", May 2019
64,3.0,Great food,"The food here was great, I had the mung bean pancake. Apart from the food, this place is super crowded and the shops are pretty much the same shops you see all over the city.", May 2019
65,5.0,Real Seoul,, May 2019
66,4.0,Lot of street foods,You can find lot of street foods here. These are the korean traditional food. Recommended to visit to have a good experience on the street food., May 2019
67,5.0,Yummy!!!,, April 2019
68,5.0,Food will blow your mind,"I came here for some souvenir shopping which was very successful, but my mind was blown by the food court. I wish I had been as careful as I was with the souvenir shops, not buying at the first store because the deeper I got into the food court the better looking the food got, but I was already full! The fried pancake filled with pork, sold right in the crux of the market was delicious. My daughter and I had fruit slushes out on the street side, but had we stayed toward the middle there were many more flavors available. Great atmosphere and great prices. Not much bargaining going on.", May 2019
69,5.0,Wonderful Market,, May 2019
70,4.0,Various food for all day,"Local market full with various local food. Price is not cheap but not expensive. Reccommend to walk around before make your decision because almost shops there have same food but some different menu. Not only food but have others like cloth, souvenir, etc.", May 2019
71,5.0,#imightseoulyou food trip,Lot’s of good food and too crowded also its one of korea’s old market thats why its a landmark tourist must visit when they go to seoul south korea., April 2019
72,2.0,Bad,, May 2019
73,4.0,"Good food, try a few things",The market is full of snacks and other items that can be great souvenirs. It also has things for the home if your living in Korea. The best thing about it is its delicious traditional Korean food. Definitely try the knife cut noodles and mandu. The mung bean pancake is good too. It tastes like a thick hashbrown. I would definitely recommend this place in the spring or fall, April 2019
74,5.0,Very nice.  Lots of food and lots of choices,I came here directly from the plane.  It was a very nice visit.  I bought a few packets of snacks and had wonderful food that were freshly prepared and piping hot.  Price-wise : very very reasonable.  I would definitely come here again.  It was really nice and vendors are nice and not at all pushy., March 2019
75,4.0,Traditional market with great local food,, April 2019
76,5.0,Ahjumma had us running through Gwangjang,, December 2018
77,3.0,Korean local traditional street food,This place sells all kinds of korean local traditional food. Tourists and locals frequent this place., April 2019
78,5.0,Cool,You will find ecerything from this market. It is all cheap and you can find also the traditional things like hanbuk their traditional clothes, October 2018
79,5.0,Must go at least once,, March 2019
80,4.0,Good variety of merchandise & local eateries,Come early to soak in the busy market sounds & smells. Great range of merchandise from socks to hanboks. Interesting restaurants selling live  octopus & raw beef. Supposed to be a local delicacy.  Good range of banchan  to buy home as edible souvenirs. I love my pickled sesame leaves., March 2019
81,5.0,Live Cuttlefish Experience,, April 2019
82,5.0,Interesting market with plenty of food stalls,, April 2019
83,1.0,Beware of Ahjumma-sticky-fingers!!!,, April 2019
84,5.0,Awesome market I didn’t even know about,"As I left the Shilla hotel I thought to check my walking itinerary for the day with the concierge and she recommended that while walking from ddp plaza to cheeong stream that we stop at this popular market. It did not disappoint. There is a gorgeous inner 2floor market for custom made Hanbok. This would be the place to go! We got to eat all of the night market street foods, did awesome souvenir shopping and we wanted to eat all here in this one market too.", April 2019
85,4.0,Interesting Marketplace With Plenty Of Delicious Traditional Korean Food!,This is a hugh marketplace selling all sorts of goods. If you are looking for affordable Korean souvenirs and gifts then you may want to pay a visit here and the kimchi prepared and sold by the ajumas (in sealed bags of 1/2 or 1kg packs) taste so good. There are also plenty of delicious traditional Korean food stalls lined throughout the entire place. The Hotteok (mugbean pancake is a must try here!), March 2019
86,5.0,Crazy food market ,It’s crazy in a positive way by walking through the food market on weekends. The live cooking looks so amazing and the food is so fabulous!, March 2019
87,4.0,"If you have been to Gwangjang, you have seen the entire Korea","Basically a market that has everything you need to see, to buy and to eat. All under one roof. A good stop before heading home. Buy all you need, pack and say see you again Seoul!", February 2019
88,5.0,One of the Best in the World,"I love markets, and have been to many all over the world. This one might be my favorite. Spend an hour browsing, then pick the spot to eat that you think looks best. Order some food and Soju. You will be happy.", March 2019
89,5.0,Mind blowing ,"The two markets I visited in Seoul were Namdaemun and Gwangjang, both on a Saturday. I enjoyed Gwangjang the most. It was more crowded, especially in the afternoon. The street food style eating is much better than Namdaemun. There is everything you could want. We ate bimbap and tteokbokki while seated on a heated bench; 3000 won each and generous. At another stall, we ate a honey pancake. Delicious! Walked around for a couple of hours, including across the street where there are many climbing gear shops. Expensive, but fun to browse. One even serves beer and coffee. Look for the one called “mygear”. Vas’s beer in a 16 oz glass is 3000 won. Coffee made to order. Very nice host. I would come back again and would recommend to friends.", March 2019
90,5.0,Yummy food and people,"Abundance of food, price very reasonable.  this market also sells clothing and household stuff.  Must go!", March 2019
91,4.0,Gwangjang Market - All under one roof,"The market is one of the oldest and largest traditional markets in South Korea, with more than 5000 shops built around 1957 and 1959. Sells all food, house hold products at a very reasonable price.", December 2018
92,5.0,Food choices are many!,, March 2019
93,5.0,FOOD ,Checking off my bucket list of eating live octopus... this place is filled with delicious made to order food., March 2019
94,4.0,Korean Street Food Choices,"This place is accessible and offers several Korean food at affordable prices. The aunties are nice too. The market also sells other things than food, but I believe most tourist go for the food.", April 2018
95,3.0,Meh.... Thats all I have to say to this market,"We were so looking forward to this. It did disappoint. May be because we were there in Feb, but we found it a bit lame. There is nothing special at this market that we can get anywhere else in Seoul. There is nothing really that would make us go there again.", February 2019
96,4.0,Local flavor,"It's a huge market, fill with hanbok and clothes selection. Venture to the other side for hundreds of store selling the same thing. Pick your favorite auntie or lady and enjoy the food", March 2019
97,5.0,Lots to eat ,"This is a very good place to visit as there are food and clothes and all sorts of things. There are many nice foods , local korea food to try.", February 2019
98,3.0,Local food in a unsatisfying environment ,"There are many stores offering local food. If you hope to have some Korean food, it is the best place to go. However, the environment is quite worrying since the market is quite dirty and lacks enough cleaning facility. I am afraid of the tableware is not clean.", February 2019
99,5.0,A Foodies Paradise,"A great place to sample the culinary delights of Korea.  A must visit but it can be hot in the summer, which is why then the Juice stands are mandatory.  Highly, highly recommend.  Be brave and try the live octupus, we wimped out!", July 2018
100,5.0,Surprises at every turn!,"We went on a tour with a local guide and found the market to be lively on a Sunday night. There was plenty of food and drink to choose from. I recommend anything fried & try something you might not have eaten on a regular day - mine was a kimchi mini crab! You can sit on the heated seats and enjoy the company of other travelers or take your food to-go. The smells will remind you that you are in old school Korea, and probably that you're hungry! Plan to spend at least two hours here eating and touring the shops. Take cash as it's easier and quicker to pay in won.", January 2019
101,4.0,I do recommend,, January 2019
102,5.0,Freaky food,Loved this market where you can get chicken feet and octopus:) The vendors were nice and it was tasty., January 2019
103,4.0,Foods everywhere!,"I like this place! You can try many local foods here with affordable price. My recommendation is Dakbal (boneless chicken feet) it’s VERY delicious! Ah, and a little bit spicy but not too much 😊", November 2018
104,4.0,Affordable street food and snacks,"Took bus from MyeongDong to market for lunch and bought Korean snacks e.g. rice crispies mixed with honey and nuts, fresh rice cakes. Ate gimbap, raw octopus, crispy fried pancakes in one of the stalls. Squatted like a local to eat blood intestines, liver, lungs etc. Market specialised in selling blankets, fabric and winter blankets (which I was told can be vacuum sealed back home).", December 2018
105,4.0,Wonderful food. Awesome atlosohrre,Excitement in the air as this place is bustling with lots of activities. Good food as well! Highly recommend this place. A stall with a sign that says ‘Best Millet pancake in Korea’. Got to try .. locals Q for this food. I guess they can’t be wrong. stall is at the North 2nd gate. This is just one of the many good food in this place...., December 2018
106,5.0,Great experience for any foodie!,"Absolutely loved our experience here. So many food options including dumplings, mung bean pancakes fish, doughnuts, red bean crepes, soups and everything in between. Go hungry! Would highly recommend", December 2018
107,4.0,A unique undercover market well worth the visit,, November 2018
108,4.0,So many markets! Glad to have visited this one,"When we were there, the locals definitely outnumbered tourists, which is a good thing. The buffet breakfast in our stomachs allowed us to take our time watching what eateries the locals were patronizing. They know what's good, so I'm following them. Obviously, we can't read Korean, so I just took pictures (see attached). The best pancakes seemed to be the one with the orange sign (says since 1994). We sat in front on the benches with tables, enjoyed our 4000 Won pancake while watching customers go in & out of the dine-in restaurant. Plus, many locals were buying takeaway plastic containers of uncooked pancake mix. Amazing, it's that popular! Then 2 different stall owners told us to eat the 2500 Won Japchae (transparent noodles with sesame oil and soy sauce) from this lady at stall #41. We just sat on stools holding our plates and watched this endless line of folks buying the 3 things they sold. We were also impressed how the 2 ladies left their money sitting in 2 bowls for all to see and everyone stayed honest!", November 2018
109,4.0,Shop! Food! Yum!,"Great market with many interesting selection of food although most sell the same items. You have to be here with empty stomach else is like walking in casino. Hope you can get the most yummy store! Please note that sun a lot of retail stores is closed, but crowded for the food alley :) Yum!", November 2018
110,4.0,Eat like locals,I went to Gwanjang Market for the local food and I was overwhelmed by the choices and the crowd (both locals and tourists). Better decide what you wanted to eat before going there for dinner since this seems to be peak time. Take outs are possible though so you can just buy to go., November 2018
111,5.0,Excellent ,"I love this market. It's with full of nice yummy food. You just can't decide which stall that you should sit and eat. But, it's all the same on every stalls that offers. The food is super yummy and fresh.", November 2018
112,3.0,A view into everyday life,, October 2018
113,4.0,Worth to visit ,Gwangjang Market near to Ihwa Mural Village. Lots of local foods here and the taste is quite good. I bought kimchi from here because the ajumma let us try n the taste is good., October 2018
114,4.0,Local market experience,"Great experience for tourists visiting Korea. Various food stalls located in the middle of the market, do try them, the food there is generally tasty as well.", November 2018
115,5.0,Lively traditional market,, October 2018
116,4.0,Good place to grab some local food,, November 2018
117,5.0,Food and Fabrics,, October 2018
118,5.0,Came for the Food!,"At first, I walked around the fabric section of this market and then ended up in the food portion. I am a big foodie and instantly my eyes widened! Vendor after vendor, of seafood, fried food, vegetables, street food, etc.. I was in heaven. The stalls were pretty repetitive, but there is still a huge selection. I tried a few fried items first, delicious. After browsing the stalls I sat at one and ate a bowl of fresh Bibimbap. The bowl was filling and very affordable. The market itself was crowded obviously in the evenings, but there is plenty of room to look, sit, and eat! I recommend coming here for lunch or dinner at least once during a stay just to sample a variety of food items.", October 2018
119,4.0,Market with full of delicious and cheaper food !!! ,, November 2018
120,3.0,Just a local market,"Just another local market selling all kinds of stuff. Clothes, textile and local food. You see tourist and locals hanging around here.", November 2018
121,4.0,Street food paradise,"Tons of street food stall selling similar traditional korean street food. Full of tourist during my visit. You can also find some shops selling clothes, snack, ginseng etc... in the area. But food is definitely the highlight here!", November 2018
122,5.0,So glad to be back again!,, October 2018
123,3.0, Nostalgia Walk ,"Nice to walk around the market place for city folks, but food wise nothing fantastic. Most stores sell almost the same food under the same section.", November 2018
124,4.0,Busy Food Market,This is a bustling market with may stall selling traditional South Korean dishes. It was a good experience. I realized though that the price per order are no cheaper than eating on the other restaurants that we've dined in., November 2018
125,5.0,Go for the raw beef!  Really!  ,"This enormous market is an absolute must visit when you’re in Seoul.  The market sells goods and foods and this review will focus on the foods.  First, it would be impossible to do this market justice by any single review.  One could spend a month here and still not discover all that it offers.  I was interested in trying Korean beef tatare.  I found my way to “raw beef alley” and picked a place.  The beef here is delivered each morning and is of the highest quality and freshness.  I tried my dish with a chopped live baby octopus on top.  Most westerners may balk at the dish when they see the chopped tentacles moving about on top of a mound of bright red raw beef.  Break the egg yolk on top and dig in!  I guarantee it will be one of the most delicious dishes you have ever tasted.  If you eat sushi and like your steak rare, then it’s not much of a step to eat Korean beef tartare and live baby octopus.", November 2018
126,4.0,Food and shopping,, November 2018
127,5.0,A colourful market where everyone was friendly,"The market is huge - there are sections selling clothing, textile, bedding, kitchenware; but most people congregate at the food stalls. Be sure to eat kimbap, tteokbokki, mandu and all the other Korean delights. I loved the bibimbap and bindaetteok or the mung bean pancake a lot. The shops also sell souvenirs like roasted laver, honey butter almonds - all at a cheaper price than bigger retail outlets. It's a wonderful place to visit indeed!", June 2018
128,5.0,Wow,If you don’t like being around a ton of busy people don’t go! It was fun and we saw so much! Plenty to eat and walking. It’s a must do., November 2018
129,5.0,Fantastic gimbap and mungbean pancakes,"We came to Gwangjang Market for lunch & loved it so much that we came back for breakfast on our last day in Seoul. We had the gimbap and bindae-tteok/mungbean pancake that the market are famous for. Both were great, we especially loved the mungbean pancake, with it's crisp golden outside & soft inside. We also had kalguksu/knifecut noodle soup with mandu/dumplings. It was fantastic! Would recommend Gwangjang Market to anyone who visits Seoul.", October 2018
130,4.0,Place for  local food and traditional items,Eat eat eat!  All kind of banchan ( Korean side dishes) ! First time trying  out  raw marinaded crabs. The taste is very flavourful! Must eat with rice !, October 2018
131,5.0,Traditional Korean Market perfect place for food trip and souvenir shopping,"We went there to experience different kinds of Korean street food. The place did not disappoint! Upon entering the market there are already few food stalls inviting you to buy their food but we kept patient and strolled more. Then we saw these lines of food stalls in the middle of the market offering different kinds such as dumplings, noodles, pancakes, chicken feet, rice cakes, and a lot more! We weren't able to try them all but our tummies were really satisfied. We will surely visit this again when we go back to Korea!", November 2018
132,5.0,Take a peek into Korean culture ,"Authentic traditional market. Many local food to try on. Reasonable price. You can get many other things here beside local food. Clothes, daily groceries, hanbok, etc. Highly recommended.", November 2018
133,4.0,Nice to look aroubd,We had a nice cheap soup noodle dish with dumplings here. Very lively and busy. A lot of the stalls serve the same thing. Worth a visit!, November 2018
134,5.0,Nice place ,, November 2018
135,4.0,Where locals shop clothes and eat mungo cakes,"The market is very clean and easy to Find. The specialty is textiles, clothes and street Food specially mungo cakes and bibimbap. There Are a lot OF cheap winter jackets and bed warmers with rows OF stores selling different kinds OF textiles. But The highlight is The fresh lay cooked mungo cakes, bibimbap and to die fish soup. There are also live octopus sashimi but we didnot try IT.", November 2018
136,3.0,Go and Eat,"A market where locals shop is a must-visit on my list everywhere I go.  Although I am not sure I think I got a feel of that at Gwangjiang ( or Kwangjang) Traditional Market.  You can find anything you can think of, from food to household items.  A section of the market is dedicated to street food capably managed uniformly by older ladies who do not shy from fighting for your business. 3 items are ubiquitous— Korean sausage made of pork blood and sticky rice, japche stir fried yam noodles and vegetables, and rice cakes. A kiosks sell nothing but fried mung bean cakes. I cannot say they are the tastiest food I’ve had but try them all, if only for the right to brag you have done it!  Then walk it off along the very pleasant Cheonggyecheon Stream nearby.", November 2018
137,4.0,Perfect place to eat & shop like a local,"If you like Korean street food, this is the place to be. There are dozens of food stalls serving yummy Korean dishes like noodles, dumplings, bibimbab, raw squid, hundred types of kimchi, etc. It's fun to walk around and try different food. Souvenirs sold here are also cheaper. Behind the market is Cheonggyecheon stream where you can take a nice walk to burn all the calories from those delicious food.", October 2018
138,3.0,Nice to walk around,"Nice atmosphere and lots of things to see and eat, but sadly smells like 🐟which can be offputing overall it was good", October 2018
139,4.0,Looking for something to buy? Try this place🤗,"After visiting Insadong, my friend and I went to Gwanjang Market. It has many things to offer but what I like the best is the variety of 🥘  🐙 🐠 🐟 🌶 to try. I enjoyed trying different street foods especially the octopus marinated in chili 🌶 (I forgot the name) I will go back to enjoy their food again. It was late when I saw the bedsheets and different comforters. I think the prices of cloth and bedsheets are cheaper there than in other markets I visited. I need to bring larger suitcases next time so that I can buy things I want in that market.", October 2018
140,4.0,YUMMY ADVENTURE!,, October 2018
141,3.0,If you like the vibe and street food!,I enjoy the crowd but the food I ate was pretty so-so. I had Korean pancake and it was too oily for me. Even so I would like to give it a try again with other stall. The sidedish stall looks yum. The market was clean but some vendor might be a bit aggressive., October 2018
142,3.0,Overwhelming but still good to visit ,"Lots of vendors selling fabrics, clothes and food.  Pretty intense and overwhelming inside.  Food stalls were all the same.  Sellers were very pushy.  If you stop to look, they automatically try to hand you a menu and make you sit.  We had to keep on walking so that we wouldn’t feel pressured to buy, which didn’t allow us to focus much.  Once we decided to stop at one of the stalls and try out the pancakes, they brought out 2 when we only wanted one so we ended up having to pay for both.  Felt a little tricked because we’re foreigners.  Wanted to look at fabrics, but every time we would stop to check them out, we would get harassed by the sellers and when we’d decide not to buy, they’d get upset and start becoming unfriendly.  It got frustrating a bit.  We did checked out one souvenir shop where the seller was a very nice sweet older man.  Overall, it was an interesting place to see.  I would still recommend it.", October 2018
143,5.0,Not Bad,We having a dinner here. There are some food is famous at the market and must try. You may buy some Korean snack there as it really cheap compare to other market., October 2018
144,4.0,Korean Neighborhood Shopping,Good way to see Korean local culture. Lots of opportunity to eat local food and shop for Staples. You can find some shopping for tourists but basically a place to immerse in a culture. Worth a few hours of your time, October 2018
145,1.0,"Just look around,but do not buy",, October 2018
146,4.0,Everyone selling same food,, October 2018
147,5.0,For Foodies,"For a foodie like me, this place was like a foreign haven. It has all sorts of Korean food. Absolutely worth the extra pounds I gained!", October 2018
148,5.0,A great place to eat ,This is a fabulous place to come and try some great Korean food. Snack your way around the market and leave stuffed and satisfied., October 2018
149,4.0,Fascinating....,, September 2018
150,5.0,Amazing variety of foods,, October 2018
151,4.0,Interesting place to eat and be introduced to Korean food.,, October 2018
152,4.0,Great market to spend your evening,Gwangjang Market is a great way to experience an abundance of Korean dishes from sweet to savoury. There are so many stalls set up in the middle with some normal and weird food on display. Walk around the different areas to see the clothing and textiles too!, September 2018
153,4.0,Food market true to its name,, October 2018
154,4.0,Food and Textiles,It’s definitely a place that has abundance of food. Come in the morning and try the variety out. There’s a millet cake with red bean that’s really famous but personally I don’t think it’s the best. There’s a lot of textiles as well as plants. A lot of fabrics to make coats and shirts and many shops sells souvenirs and Hanbok (Korean traditional dresses). There’s salted fishes as well as raw octopus for consumption., October 2018
155,3.0,Lots of food and stuff,"Lots of food and wholesale stuff to buy. I am unsure if the prices are any cheaper but its a great experience. We bought some local snacks from the snacks stores. The hanboks there are really pretty, even for kids too. Worth the trip if you have something to buy.", June 2018
156,4.0,Explore the maze of shops,"Coming from the US to Korea has shown us many things we never knew existed,  and many things done differently than we ever considered.  Gwangjang is one of those.  It is densely packed maze of little tiny shops and street vendors that is wonderful to explore.  The food vendors offer a wide variety of novel foods, prepared right in front of you.  The traditional clothing stores are dangerous to those of us with little will power and a love of cultural garb.", October 2018
157,5.0,Go with empty stomach,, March 2018
158,5.0,"Snacks, Souvenir, Traditional Clothes, etc...",, July 2018
159,4.0,Street food ,"I went there only for the the street food and haven’t been disappointed. I had chicken feet, tteokbokki, maiak kimbab and kimchi pancakes. I loved every single bit of everything I ate. Attention though because they have 2 separate menus for locals and foreigners and if you don’t speak or read korean at all you might pay 2000 or 3000 won more than locals for the same food.", September 2018
160,4.0,Interesting Korean traditional market,It is very interesting Korean traditional market where you can taste local street food. There are also a restaurants in the market where you can sit down and have a little more formal meal. The pity is that nearly all the food vendors are selling exactly the same traditional food. It would be nice to add some variety of modernized Korean food like what you can find in the other part of the city., September 2018
161,5.0,Great Shopping Experience,"Gwangjang market is good for ladies shopping. as variety of clothes specially ladies wear you can buy from there at reasonable price compared to other malls in Seoul. There are food stalls, one can enjoy Music which is playing on streets. People are enjoying there all the time. Good people. Good Place.", May 2018
162,5.0,Must do when in Seoul,"Loved this place. Sights sounds and smells really make you come alive. The food was the main attraction for ourselves and this is in the centre of the market. Make time however,  to take in the fish, spice, kimchi and textile stores on route. There is a massive choice of places to eat, with each type of speciallity seeming to have the same location with different stall traders servicing the same option in each area. Prices are clearly shown and standard across the piece. Not as cheap as I expected but still much better than western prices. We chose to have just one type of dish (portion ) at each stall so we could try as many things as we could before getting full. Mung bean pancakes were our fav!4000 a portion. Bibimbap 5000 was really good. Fish cakes in a soup were nice at 3000. Sundae a blood sausage filled with spiced sweet rice were fantastic, they are served with cooked liver which reminded me of my child hood 6000. Bottled water is provided free - one central bottle from which you fill your own cup. Alternatively look for stores on the side selling Cass beer in small cans for 2000. Kimchi as usual was served complmentary. Didnt try any fish stuff as off to Busan later. Deffo a great place to try most of Koreas fantastic food in a great atmosphere.", August 2018
163,4.0,Great street food with too much choice,, August 2018
164,5.0,Great street food,"Great place to try all the different Korean street food, not for the people on diets. Also lots of good Korean products", August 2018
165,5.0,A must visit!,This is my favourite market on earth. A lot of delicious street food all over the market. It’s the true part of daily life in the city. I highly suggest visiting the market for a true local experience., July 2018
166,4.0,As crazy as any big market can get.,"Gwangjang is na interesting place to visit. Big, chaotic, full of people, varied business. We had a great sushi in one of the small booths. Definitely worth a visit.", June 2018
167,4.0,Walking around,The market is very big full of street food and small restaurant.  Visiting in the afternoon is very hot in summer.  Visiting at night to taste the street food will be much more pleasant., July 2018
168,5.0,If you like traditional market you must visit this place,"Love this market! Apparently, this market is divided into sections, there is bibimbap section, hanbok section, etc. Market is clean and nice. If you like traditional market you must visit this place. They sell a lot of things, varieties of fermented goods (their fermented octopus kimchi is to die for), beautiful hanboks, korean cookware (that ramyeon pot you always see in k-dramas, stone pot for bibimbap,etc), food stalls (dumpling, pumpkin porrridge, mung bean pancakes, barley rice bibimbap, etc) and many more.", May 2018
169,5.0,A Mish Mash of Everything,"Spent an entire morning at the market...you can get fresh produce, freshly blended juices, freshly made ice-coffee, ice cream, the mung bean pancake and for us Malaysian women, go crazy for all the pre-cut various different cloths available at USD10 each.  There is Korean Silk, cotton, washable silk, linen, etc...Bed-linen of various sizes and shapes and styles and makes, Oh Man...decisions, decisions.", April 2018
170,4.0,"Busy local market, worth to go","Large local market provide food, gifts and Korean dress. Best place to see local things if you first visit Seoul.", July 2018
171,5.0,Large Food Portions,"Very nice visit; however, I wish I knew how to tell the street food ladies to only give a half portion or small portion. Many were confused when we were just sampling different foods and not finishing. We wanted to leave room for the next stop.", July 2018
172,3.0,Eat with the locals,"Gwangjang Market Is known to be one of the first permanent markets in Korea and is a popular tourist destination. The market is famous for its textiles; there are hundreds of stores that sell silk, satin, and linens. The stores here usually supply fabrics to the different market like in Namdaenum, Dongdaemun, and department stores.  Aside from the fabrics, this place is also known for their food. There are many food carts in the middle aisles selling different local dishes like bibimbap, dumplings, mung pancakes, live octopus, rice cake, blood sausage and a lot more.", January 2018
173,2.0,Over rated ,, January 2018
174,3.0,Not as impressive the second time round,"Visited Gwangjang 2 years ago and really liked it and went back this year. It didn't seem as impressive as before and the stalls were quite repetitive. We had some bibimbap at a stall then had some japchae - I ordered one portion and was served two miserable overpriced portions by the corner stall. Then we had mung bean pancakes. Interesting array of Korean street food, some of which are less common like the seafood dishes. It's a tourist trap so beware of upselling and some badgering.", June 2018
175,3.0,So so overall with the occasional gem,, June 2018
176,2.0,Over rated,"We heard great things about the market, went in the afternoon on a weekday. Lots of offer with loads of stalls but it’s all the same. Fish, vegetables and juices, or bedding. Depends what you like but I have been to much, much better markets unfortunately this one just wasn’t worth the train ride for us. If you like to take photos it’s a good spot I guess.", June 2018
177,3.0,Interesting But Intimidating Food Market,"Having seen the Gwangjang Market written up many places as somewhere you had to visit in Seoul, my family went for dinner.  We were very disappointed as it was much more intimidating than expected.  We had already been to many places to eat in Seoul and to various markets.  Gwangjang was among the most frenetic, crowded and dirty of them.  We were not inspired to eat there. Instead, we were more comfortable with the street food in Myeongdong.  I'm sure this is an instance of a difference in Western and Asian sensibilities, but I feel that Western tourists should be made aware that Gwangjang is not like anything you would be used to in the West.", June 2018
178,5.0,I love the food,Easily to access via metro. Love the food here such as mungbean pancakes and other. Is full with tourist and foodssssssssss., June 2018
179,4.0,Local delicious!,Must visit this local Korean Market with varieties food and daily items can be found in this market.  You can experiences changing stall by stall tasting different local delicious as most stall have limited seating area., December 2017
180,4.0,Traditional market place,"A variety of Korean street food sold there - mandu, bibimbup, tokpokki, pancakes, noodles etc. Price is not really cheap though. Other sections sell textiles, snacks, souvenirs,hanbok etc. Interesting place to visit.", June 2018
181,4.0,Yukhoe and Sannakji,"Probably the best place to try one of korean specialty food, yukhoe, sannakji, and bindaetteok! They also sell a lot of korean sidedish (banchan)a", February 2018
182,5.0,Traditional market,This is a great place to buy gifts for family and friends as well as enjoy delicious and traditional street foods in Korea. :), July 2017
183,5.0,A Market that is differently good!,"Most markets in Seoul offer the same stalls and after being to a few, it can be tiresome... except for Gwangjang Market! The food is real and local! The Mung Bean Pancake here rules its all! The Live Octopus is acquired taste but kids liked it!", June 2018
184,5.0,Went to food market,, June 2018
185,5.0,Authentic market experience,, December 2017
186,4.0,Immerse in the Korean Culture,"A market serving Korean cuisine, selling Korean titbits and traditional costume. Came here to really enjoy the authentic Korean food. Don’t expect clean and nice restaurant. If you expect that type of standard then this is not a place for you. It’s really the sit at the streetside-hawker style of eating. There are plenty of tit bits to buy, ranging from ginseng sweets / dried seaweed to chocolates. Also ginseng and other products for making Korean soup. There is a segment with traditional Korean costumes and selling Korean textile and pillows/cushion. The market is structured with a few streets branching out from the Center. Each streets covers their on specialty too. This is also the place I had my fresh live octopus! It was yummy and fresh. Tried the raw beef too! There are also plenty of stalls selling noodles etc. You can also bargain at the titbits stall and costumes stall.", June 2018
187,4.0,Nice market,, May 2018
188,4.0,A great preview of a local market,We did not have enough time to enjoy the sights and tastes of this local market. There was a wide variety of food on sale and the sight of the old ladies selling their wares was insightful about what an active lifestyle would do to add years to life. Definitely worth a visit., May 2018
189,5.0,Awesome Food,, May 2018
190,5.0,Great place to visit ,, May 2018
191,4.0,Great place,, May 2018
192,5.0,Don't miss eating here!,"I felt that this market gave a true Korean experience. There are plenty of stalls (all serving slightly the same meals - bibimbap, gimbap, rice cakes, fish, etc) and you just take a seat and they serve you! Easy as that. It's a great place to meet locals, expats, people watch, and drink. It is complete chaos and super super busy but it is a really cool environment. I came here two nights in a row and will 100% be back. Truly authentic.", May 2018
193,3.0,"Textile shops, some food street after 5 pm","visited this place around 5 pm and some of the textile shop already closed and replace with food street. However, not very much diversities - we only found dumplings, fried chinese style egg with pork and vegetables.....plenty of stall selling the same food", April 2018
194,4.0,Spacious modernized market,"Traditional or modernized? It's a mixture of both as there are stalls that remain tradition selling traditional stuff while some furnished their shop with air-conditioner selling Hanboks. They are divided into sections just like other markets in Seoul that makes it very clear which section you are in. There is a section selling food, which, normally patronized by tourists more than locals. The food stalls there selling identical food stuff so tourists can just choose any stalls to eat them. There are also shops surrounding the food stalls selling food items too, perhaps slightly more expensive as they dun seem to be crowded unlike the stalls outside. You can get most the stuff you need from this market, from raw food to cooked side dishes, cloths, mattresses, blankets, Hanboks to cooking wares.", April 2018
195,5.0,Market delights in Gwangjang,"We took the Seoul Metro to Jongno 5-ga Station. From there it's about a 5min walk to Gwangjang Market. The market has clothes and food merchants - we arrived just before lunchtime which enabled us to walk/explore without any issues. Once lunch begins, you will see workers from", April 2018
196,5.0,Go for lunch and beers ,"Eating from the stalls is a must. The food is good but the whole experience is what I like, it reminds you of where you are as it is very ‘Korean’. I had lived in Korea for 3 years and I really enjoyed being in the bustle of the market.", May 2018
197,4.0,Interesting. Came back all the time before I know it.,I like this place but never thought I like it enough to write a review until my most recent visit. I found myself naturally drawn to this place. I came to realization that you can find comfort in the food here. Some bread and butter shops may seem unexciting but it tells of the, April 2018
198,3.0,Traditional market and food stalls,Our guide said most of the goods here were lower end.    Liked seeing the fresh produce and fish for sale.   I was extremely surprised to see English translations of the offerings of the street food at many stalls., May 2018
199,3.0,Many shops selling similar things,"Gwangjang market located a stone throw away from Jongno 5-ga exit 1, is rather overrated. When I visited, it was packed and although there were many stores, they mostly served similar things. Price wise, I would say it's rather reasonable. My friend and I ended up buying our", May 2018
