,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Lights and mirrors!,"Lots of impressive eye candy in the form of lights and mirrors. The 3-D contemporary art is my favorite, and it delivered. The abstract expressionist stuff isn’t my thing, nor is the 12th century pottery. If you want semi-interactive 3-D art with a “wow” factor, this is the", February 2020
1,4.0,Good Korean Art Museum,, January 2020
2,5.0,Well curated museum,This museum is worth a visit to get a nice mix of old and modern art. It's well curated without being overwhelming., January 2020
3,4.0,Private Art Museum - Mostly Contemporary,NO photos are allowed inside.  If  you enjoy more contemporary art then you would enjoy this site.  I do highly recommend the section on local Korean art and anceint relics.  If you enjoy art you will enjoy your visit., August 2019
4,5.0,Fascinating collection in an amazing space,"This place is a little off the beaten path and well worth the effort to get there.  You could spend an hour or a day here, seeing modern and contemporary art as well as traditional Korean art.  I especially appreciated the connections between the two, and between what's being done in Korea and other parts of the world.  Objects are really well displayed, with lots of space to see them.", November 2019
5,5.0,Good combination of both traditional Korean art & modern art,, November 2019
6,5.0,"Definitely worth the visit, especially the antiquities section! Definitely get the Audio guide!",, November 2019
7,4.0,Korean Art History and Contemporary Art in an exceptional space,"One day and a half in this wonderful city, so I choose quality over quantity and beeline for the Leeum Samsung Museum.  Here I settle in for two hours taking in exceptional examples of Korean porceline, calligraphy and metalworks which then set the stage for a leap into modern and contemporary visual art displays featuring icons including De Kooning, Brown, Giacometti and Rothko, while avoiding the crowds one finds at the National Museum of History and the National Museum of Contemporary Art. The rest of the day can be spent in a myriad of other sites in Seoul. I leave this museum saturated, satisfied and hopeful for another visit, another time and hopefully soon.", November 2019
8,4.0,Definitely Worth a Visit,"The museum is most impressive architecturally. It is divided into three sections (each called a “museum”, and each section comprised of two or three floors).  I personally was absolutely fascinated by the ceramics collection on the top floor of museum number 1.  Much less enjoyed the exhibits in the other two museums.  My companion on the other hand, highly enjoyed all three museums.", October 2019
9,5.0,Beautiful Modern Museum with great art collection,"Leeum is a beautiful modern building on its own.  When you add the art collection, it is truly a worthwhile visit.  Interesting juxtaposition of Korean artists against famous modern Western artists catalogs the evolution of modern art influence.", October 2019
10,5.0,Best museum in Seoul for modern art,"try to book an English tour on Friday - beautiful location and superior collection.  Small museum, you can go though all the exhibits in 2 hours.  Skip the museum cafe- go down the hill to Passion 5 for dessert.", October 2019
11,5.0,Worth a visit ,, October 2019
12,5.0,A fantastic museum,"This is a manageable museum (you can cover a lot of ground in two hours here) that blends Korean history with modern art and works in between.  Great exhibits and a fantastic campus with killer architecture to supercharge your Instagram.  Also, around the museum is a v. cool area with trendy cafes and places to eat but not crazy expensive.", September 2019
13,5.0,Outstanding exhibit on Celadon as well as excellent modern art,, September 2019
14,5.0,Contemporary art explained,, August 2019
15,5.0,"Short, sweet, and interesting: especially the modern parts",, August 2019
16,5.0,Superb Collection,"While the collection is not enormous it is very high quality with works from virtually every noteworthy modern artist from the last hundred years. The audio guide (cheap at only one dollar) is excellent and covers every painting and sculpture. The collection is small enough that you can afford to devote some time with each piece and good enough that you'll want to. If you don't like modern art, then this may not be the museum for you.  The building is also stunning and at $10 its pretty cheap. So if you like modern art, or are curious and want to learn, then you could hardly do better than this wonderfull gallery!", August 2019
17,1.0,Terrible- pretentious,, August 2019
18,2.0,Great architecture but so boring exhibitions,"Maybe we expected just too much because we were so disappointed. Expensive and there's nothing special to see even we walked through all museums. Most interesting is building itself, outside and inside.", July 2019
19,5.0,Delightful and esthetic experience,"A beutifully designed art museum, containing both a section of modern, contemporary art and one with classic Korean art. One of the best art museums I have visited. The museum, slightly tucked away from the main street is superbly designed and every item in the museum has plenty of space and is exhibited with outmost respect. It is delightful to walk around and watch modern classic western art mixed with modern Korean art. And for a European, just fantastic to see new artists and new motifs, rarely on show in Europe. If interested in art, in my view a must see. If not for the paintings then at least for the design of the museum.", July 2019
20,5.0,World class architects and art objects meet high tech,"These amazing buildings, 2 of the 3 of which are exhibition spaces, have state of the art tech which allows a closer view of the object on one’s loaned Samsung phone as well as more information about the object. No need to input a number for the object - the phone senses when you are in front and tells you about that object until you move on. Priceless porcelains including celadon and antique objects mixed with a few contemporary art works gives context to the old. How about a dark Rothko painting next to a few hundred years old artifact?  A steel Anish Kapolei sculpture? You get the point.", June 2019
21,5.0,Fabulous museum,"It’s like 3 museums in one.  Leeum Samsung is divided into 3 sections, each of which was designed by a different architect (definitely watch the film in which they describe the intent of their design).  The spaces are unique and well used.  The art collection is nothing short of amazing.  A very high tech audio tour is available - definitely pay the extra.  It is well worth the money.  One of the best and most interesting museums I’ve ever visited.", May 2019
22,2.0,Ridiculous rules,, May 2019
23,5.0,Outstanding museum; don't miss it,"If you are interested in art, do not miss this museum. Beautiful collection of Korean art, and the building itself is quite beautiful.", May 2019
24,5.0,outstanding museum.,"this museum is worth 3-4 hours, with a break in the cafe. the collection of celadon pottery is breathtaking. in addition there is a wonderful contemporary collection.", April 2019
25,5.0,Excellent architecture and wonderful collection,"Housed in ultra-modern architecture by Mario Botta, Jean Nouvel and Rem Koolhaas houses collections of old  and contemporary Korean art as well as international modern art. Definitely must see for architecture and art lovers.", April 2019
26,5.0,very interesting modern art museum,, January 2019
27,5.0,World-class Private Museum with Complete Sensoric Experience,, December 2018
28,4.0,Architecture and Art,Great museum for modern art.  Also exhibit of traditional Korean pottery.  Interesting architecture combining three different buildings.  Good views from grounds., November 2018
29,4.0,Great setting,Enjoyed the modern art at the Leeum Samsung museum.  The architecture is well done.  Loved the outside sculpture garden.  Great neighborhood to walk around afterwards.  Enjoyed the audio tape., November 2018
30,4.0,Interesting museum,"If you enjoy art, this museum is nice. It has two sections, traditional art which was mostly ancient Korean pottery, and a modern art section which is mostly paintings. It is not a very large museum and the pieces are quite spread out so unless you really enjoy taking time at each piece you can go through quite quickly. Just note you are not allowed to take photos here. At the time we visited the entry fee was 10,000 won.", November 2018
31,5.0,Worth the trip to Seoul!,"Very nice buildings, excellent collection, quiet and in a nice, lively and arty neighborhood with fancy shops", November 2018
32,5.0,Modern art museum,The landmark is the big silver ball sculpture in front of the museum. you have to walk about 15 minutes from Hangangjin Station., April 2018
33,3.0,"Not very much to see, but it's Samsung",, October 2018
34,5.0,A gem of a museum,This museum is stunning. Exquisite works are beautifully displayed in a wonderful setting.  Do not miss out! It is easily accessible by the Seoul subway., October 2018
35,4.0,Modern Art,"A perfect retreat for a rainy day in Seoul, I got free entry with the Discover Seoul pass. Many interesting pieces on display, perhaps most striking is Anish Kapoor's signature metallic bubbles in the garden. Photography policy is abit confusing, at the entrance is says no photo's yet plenty of people were happily snapping away on mobile phones, whilst others were told off. Some European visitors were speaking loudly inside and staff did nothing to quieten them.", October 2018
36,4.0,Best museum trip we had in Korea,"A friend took us to Leeum and we had no expectations. The two museums were equally beautiful. I specially enjoyed learning about modern Korean artists and the old earthenware collection. However our favorite part was the audio guide, which would automatically play files that corresponded with the artwork you were standing in front of. The museum is owned by the Samsung family, of course the technological interventions had to be there. I highly recommend this place, for it's architecture and what it holds.", September 2018
37,5.0,Breathtakingly beautiful ,Stunning museum. The architecture is splendid. The modern interpretation of a spiral cathedral-like staircase a highlight. The light entering modern museum number two. Collection small but perfectly formed. Highlight for us were the 4th floor museum number one - celadon pieces., August 2018
38,5.0,just wonderful,modern building for ancien art and collections of impressive pieces (you see the difference compared to some museum) . noticeable art section with the well known korean artists., September 2017
39,5.0,Modern art of Korea in a beautiful building ,"This gallery was a real treasure to find. The modern art work was just beautiful. Please note that the “spider” is not at the gallery anymore, although it is still on the website. Plenty of other great works to view in an amazing building. Very pleasant afternoon viewing.", August 2018
40,5.0,Digital Guide is really good,, July 2018
41,5.0,Terrific Museum,We loved this museum. It has terrific exhibits. For $1 you can get an audio tour that is excellent. The gift shop has gorgeous items. The neighborhood has many good restaurants too., July 2018
42,5.0,Lovely museum,"This somewhat small museum is beautifully put together.  The building itself is an art piece containing ancient and abstract pieces.  At one point, a Rothko appears in the middle of ancient pottery, but it works.  There is a spectacular infinity room and other novel modern works.  If you have a free afternoon, this is worth a visit.", July 2018
43,1.0,Boring and abstract,, July 2018
44,3.0,Samsung museum,For me it was boring. I have visited lots of museums and some of them were awesome and interesting and some of them were boring and not so interesting. Some of exhibits were really interesting and unusual. But generally it was like average. In this museum was absolutely quiet. I would give for this museum like 2 stars and half., February 2018
45,5.0,One museum not to miss,"Owned by the Samsung dynasty, it has more artefacts than of the national museum. From ancient Korea to contemporary art from this vibrant country, all in a beautiful building which is a work in art by itself. Recommended.", July 2018
46,4.0,Wonderful Collection of Art,"It was raining so we decided to take a museum tour, this is one of the stop, wonderful outstanding collections, can easily spend few hour here, because our time was limited, maybe the next time come here by ourselves to really explore.", June 2018
47,5.0,Great contrast of moden and ancient art,I highly recommend getting the audio headset which is very inexpensive compared to other museums and adds a lot more context to the tight descriptions on display. Good variety in the collection with a bit over balance on pottery and ceramics. The structure itself is breathtaking and overall worth a 2 hour visit. I suggest skimming through the areas to focus on those that are more suited to one's interests as the collection is quite large., February 2018
48,5.0,Musea,, May 2018
49,5.0,fabulous museum,"very well curated with explanation in English, great exhibits (dont miss the shipwreck rooms): a must when in Seoul", February 2018
50,3.0,Quite ordinary,It has an interesting outdoor art piece comprising metal balls and an interesting internal staircase. There are numerous art pieces on display with some impressive ones. There is a fairly long walk (up a slope) from the nearest metro station; a surprise is a huge dog statue at the bottom of the slope but it is not part of the museum. The museum may suit someone with an interest in Korean art., April 2018
51,4.0,Great contemporary art!,, April 2018
52,5.0,Mesmerizing,, April 2018
53,5.0,Architecture and Art,"Well designed building housing some national treasures(porcelain) as well as some fabulous modern art. The central staircase reminds one of the Guggenheim in New York, the art is very well dispersed allowing one plenty of time to move for new views without being hindered by other museum goers.", May 2018
54,4.0,Mr. ,"Nicely organized, not big, good for a 2hr visit. Not very crowded. Within walking distance to the Grand Hyatt Hotel.", May 2018
55,5.0,Art appreciation of contemporary Korean and international art,"Leeum is a beautiful exhibition space where modern and contemporary art meets. It is home to leading works of Korean art from as early as  1910 and onwards, along with important examples of international art since 1945. The international art collection is impressive. The extensive collection ranges from the works of such pioneers in modern Western art such as Alberto Giacometti, Francis Bacon, Mark Rothko, Joseph Beuys, and Andy Warhol to established contemporary artists, including Damien Hirst, Jeff Koons, and Andreas Gursky. In addition, a growing number of works by non-Western artists within the collection reflects the dynamic and multi-centered nature of contemporary art. There is locker  facilities to store your baggage and headsets can be rented for only a ￦1000. The headset automatically detects the artworks and starts to play a very informative soundclip. I would recommend that you do this for a more educational and enriching experience. The museum has a lovely coffee café and gift shop.  Leeum's gift store is filled with inspiring gifts and a wide assortment of products reflecting the museum’s extraordinary collection and special exhibitions. Here you can find some stunning souvenirs to take home with you.", April 2018
56,4.0,modern with a distinct Korean touch to  it!,, May 2017
57,5.0,Great Art Museum,"The Leeum Art Museum in Seoul is a manageable private art museum with three levels inside and an outside sculpture garden.  Audio phones in many languages allow one to have a private tour at ones own pace.  From ancient to modern art this private collection is informative, educational, entertaining, and thoroughly enjoyable.  I took two hours on a Sunday to leisurely tour the entire museum.  It cost about $9 USD. Plus $10 for the audio phone. Well worth the price.", April 2018
58,3.0,Ok,"Amazing architecture.   Not necessarily my favorite style of art, but the collection was ok.   Good collection of ancient ceramics.", April 2018
59,4.0,A must go place,Went there with two friends and I must say it is among one of the best places I visited in Seoul. You won't regret it!, October 2017
60,4.0,Stunning art museum ,"The museum itself is already a masterpiece you don't have to admire anything else. Entrance fee is at 10000 Korean won for both permanent exhibitions. The first exhibitions are all chinaware/bronze ware displays, calligraphy and Buddha statues. The second exhibitions are for modern / contemporary arts, which I love. There is also a little outdoor garden with a few pieces. Great to spend an hour or 2.", March 2018
61,5.0,Samsung does it like no other!,"Beside having a very impressive collection of ceramics, the museum also has a built in sensors for your listening guide.  I was grateful that all I had to do is stand by the display to have the audio device automatically start talking about it.  No need to plug in numbers or go in a specific manner.  A marvelous museum in all areas.", February 2018
62,4.0,World Class and Sunning - too sad no photos,, March 2018
63,5.0,The best museum of Seoul,"This is the best museum of Seoul.  They have old Korean china of ages.  If you want to known the history of Korean china, you should visit here", April 2017
64,4.0,Leeum Samsung Museum of Art,"Samsung Museum is very nice place for people who are interested in arts. It is possible to visit two different sections, one on traditional arts and second on contemporary arts. Location is easily accessible. Audio guide is available. Entrance fee is reasonable. Especially contemporary arts section has interesting artistic creatures from both Korean and non-Korean artists.", February 2018
65,5.0,World class in every way.,"Originally funded by the Samsung heir family, the museum is a collection of three buildings designed by internationally-renowned architects.  Located along the hilly street in posh Itaewon, Rem Koolhaas designed the Temporary Exhibitions musem which features interesting exhibitions several times a year.  Adjacent to the outdoor sculpture garden is a two storey structure designed by Jean Nouvel housing the modern arts permanent collection.  Tucked in back in terra cotta cladding is a Mario Botta designed pavilion housing Korean antiquity.  All of the permanent collections are substantial in their own right and worth a visit.  Cleverly connected at the entrance via a vast underground lobby, the facility is modern and tryuly world class.", February 2018
66,5.0,Modernity,"Great sculptures out in the yards, interesting exhibits inside, permanent as well as rotating. Easily accessible but up a hill from Itaewon.", January 2018
67,5.0,Great Museum and grounds,, April 2017
68,5.0,Underrated museums ,The details of this museum are very unique. Since it is the Samsung museum you get the options having a samsung audio guide which was a really interesting museum experience. over all the artifacts are very old and different from what I was used to in the states so I would most definitely recommend for people who are interested in design and architecture and art of facts of history as well. Also the installation and from Rem Koolhaas architecture of the building is worth to check out., July 2017
69,3.0,Great place to visit only if you're an architect or museum lovers,"We went to visit the museum since my husband is an architect. The building is really nice & has an architectural essence that would definitely attract those with an eye of perfectionist and into art. There are 2 exhibition halls to visit. We were too tired to go to all so we just ended up visiting one hall. There were lots to see if you have the time. Our advise is if you want to visit the museum, get there by car since there were a lot of walking uphill & narrow lanes...very near to the Namsan Trekking Trail.", December 2017
70,5.0,A Cultural Gem,A must visit when in Seoul. Artwork ranges from Modern to thousands of years old. This museum is a cross between the Museum of Natural History and the Whitney. Great outdoor space too., December 2016
71,3.0,"Six of One, Half Dozen of Another.",, November 2017
72,5.0,I’ll Join the Supporter’s League,, November 2017
73,5.0,Loved this place!,, October 2017
74,5.0,Relaxing Museum with a great collection,"I spent a couple hours exploring this wonderful museum in Hannam-dong, I took the subway to Hanganjin and it was a mere 15 minute walk away. The museum has an impressive collection of contemporary art from artists around the world and Korean artists in one area and in another area a historic collection of wares and paintings from a bygone era of Korean history. I was so excited to find an Alberto Giacometti that I set off the little alarm warning I was too close to the painting. After a week of battling with other tourists at tourist hot spots, this museum was a welcome relief to the weary mind. The cafe also made a fantastic coffee and served pretty good cake too. If you visit I recommend that you pay the 1000 won for the digital guide which works when you stand in front of an exhibit, giving you the low down of the artist and the thought process behind a piece of work.", October 2017
75,5.0,Very very nice museum,, October 2017
76,5.0,Perfectly sized and designed museum ,Set in quiet location in a trendy neighbourhood the museum building designed by world renowned architects is fascinating. I liked most the museum 1 building both in terms of architecture as well as collection. The audio guide which works automatically when you approach a piece of the collection is a must. You start at the 4th floor and then walk down. The ceramics collection is outstanding. In museum 2 I liked Damien Hirst's work best. Definitely worth a visit!, September 2017
77,5.0,Great Museum - Get the Audio!,, May 2017
78,3.0,Great architecture,A bit of a walk form metro stop. We were a bit disappointed by the works on display consisting of traditional art works and modern art. Spent under an hour here, July 2017
79,4.0,Three experiences in one,, July 2017
80,3.0,nicely done small museum,, July 2017
81,4.0,Hi Tech,, August 2016
82,2.0,"Beautiful Pieces, Subpar museum.",, July 2017
83,5.0,Beautifully presented,This was a peaceful and beautiful museum. Well-presented and explained. They also had a very nice shop., April 2017
84,2.0,Impressive exhibition of ancient and modern art.....flawed by awful staff,"I truly enjoyed the exhibitions. My favourite was the Basquiat piece they had on display. I didn't care much about the staff, other than a few of them basically following me everywhere I went. It was as if the intention was to make me feel uncomfortable. I was there for the art, nothing else, however they might want to rethink their way of dealing with art-lovers from other parts of the world. It's a place where people appreciate human expression, in its purest artistic form, rather than be constantly reminded of human insecurity and fear of the other. I asked to write a comment about my experience and was given a sticky note, which I'm sure was thrown away soon after. Unfortunate", June 2017
85,1.0,Experience of Korea bling bling : money money money ,, June 2017
86,5.0,An excellent museum in a beautiful part of town,"I always visit art museums when I'm visiting any foreign city. The Leeum Samsung Museum of Art is a must see for anyone who likes are, and beautiful modern museums. The museum has collections of modern and historical art; I only visited the modern wing because that's how I roll.", June 2017
87,4.0,Small but exquisite collection,, June 2017
88,4.0,Nice One,"It was a nice place to discover modern art. although it is quite far from the other attractions, it was worth going to.", January 2017
89,1.0,Worst experience to a museum,"At one glance from the outside, the architecture and design was stunning and could appeal to the visitors. However, the turn off was the inside, where the lack service from the staff on site couldn't make up for the efforts they put into the arts on display. Staff was unfriendly and lazy, at times playing with their phones. Even though a museum is not a place to impress visitors in services, but no smiles on the faces of staff when they see us makes visitors uncomfortable and unable to enjoy the experience. Not worthy of even a penny.", May 2017
90,5.0,Stunning collection,"The historical part has a spectacular scenography, and we contemporary part displays a very interesting masterpiece of great artist. You should count 3 hour for the visit.", May 2017
91,2.0,Not interesting. Absolutely poor museum.,"Looking from the outside I really can't wait to get into this museum as I expected to see something special there. Not interesting. Absolutely poor museum. Really disappointing. Now, after the visit, I wish I staid away and save time and money because it was lost.", May 2017
92,5.0,The unbelievable experience,, December 2016
93,4.0,Great Architeture,"Even if you're not into modern art, the museum's architecture is worth the visit and before or after the visit you can walk around the neighborhood that surrounds the museum. Is a very modern part of the city with great restaurants.", April 2017
94,4.0,Leeum,"Museum is kinda small than it seems. Entrance is 10,000 wons...some nice pictures can be taken outside the museum. Nice location close to Itaewon. Modern art section is pretty good", April 2017
95,5.0,Insightful tours really complement this well laid out art museum.,, April 2017
96,5.0,Samll place,, April 2017
97,4.0,Amazing Architeture and Exhibition,"It was a cold day in Seoul (minus degrees) and the 4 of us decided to take the taxi from Myeongdong to the Leeum Samsung museum.  The fare was fairly reasonable and is less than 5000 won (US$4.15) and we were there in about 15 minutes.   please note, it is not required to tip taxi driver in Seoul.  We walk up a small slope upto the beautiful modern architecture.  There is a huge outdoor space that offers a full view of the building and be prepare to take a lot of photos.  There are 2 exhibition hall, one permanent collection and one for the current exhibitions.  We bought the day pass for 17000 won (US$14).   The permanent collection has a few floors with Korean and International art pieces which is good.  The current exhibit is Olafur Eliasson which is really amazing and my favourite is the  rainbow assembly.  Although the mu", November 2016
98,5.0,Amazing collection,, March 2017
99,4.0,Hints on this place,, March 2017
100,4.0,Leeum Samsung Museum of Art,"The museum has two houses, Korean traditional objects are being exhibited in museum 1, while museum 2 is dedicated to modern and contemporary arts. There are quite a few pieces in museum 1 being listed under ""Treasure"" and ""National Treasure"" categories. The museum is situated in a quaint quarter of Seoul. Even if one chooses not to visit the museum, it is nice to walk around and appreciate the nice surroundings in the neighbourhood.  Entrance fee to the museum is 10,000 wons. To get there, simply get off at Hangangjin subway station exit 1 and follow the signs for a few minutes' walk to the museum.", March 2017
101,3.0,Third time,, February 2017
102,1.0,Avoid at all cost,"Unfriendly and too few staff that results in a tense and chaotic atmosphere. Inefficient layout, stuffy air, bad curating and ridiculously expensive. Even if I try really hard I can barely find any good attributes about this place - but then again, all opinions are subjective. I guess you could say that the surrounding area is quite pleasant; I felt much more positive and engaged while walking around than I've ever felt inside this 'museum'. Too commercial, flooded with local doing everything to get the best angle for their selfies, instead of looking at the works. This place managed to make even Olafur Eliasson's works bad.", February 2017
103,5.0,Lovely museum; good for a cold day,We visited in Winter. It was a excellent activity. Guides were friendly. We even had free entry as we were willing to participate in a survey, February 2017
104,4.0,Interesting ,"The museum is split into three: contemporary, Korean and visiting exhibitions (additional cost). The Korean covers pottery, buddhist artifacts and paintings, all of which are very well presented and sourced. The contemporary is a mix of western and Korean artists, mainly Abstract. Close to some Rothkos is a blank black wall which was attracting interest until they realised it was just an empty wall; summed up Abstract art quite succinctly. The Bacon is quite wonderful though. The buildings are interesting in themselves too.", February 2017
105,5.0,Best museum in Korea ~ hands down,Really solid special and permanent exhibits. Impressive. Free day pass for foreigners today (fill out a survey for free admission ~ drop off the survey on your way out) Museums here can be big and underwhelming- not the case at Leeum. Global collection/ staff is friendly/near the Grand Hyatt hotel, February 2017
106,5.0,Olafur Eliasson Exhibition,"Metro line 6 - Stn Hangangjin, exit 1. Walk straight out from the exit and soon you will see signs for the museum. It is about 300m total. Currently they have a special exhibition by Olafur Eliasson called ""The Parliament of Possibilities"". I am not normally a modern art lover, but the wife dragged me in and I love it. His mix of engineering and design with his pieces, I just found fascinating. Pitty there are only 2 floors of his art. The rest of the museum is so so, a few good pieces and a lot of pieces I have the equivalent (or better) from my 5 year old. w14,000 for all exhibitions, includes the audio guide. Lockers there as you can't take anything in that is bigger than a small handbag. Free WiFi. Some exhibitions you can't take photos. Museum Cafe.", February 2017
107,5.0,World class!,, April 2016
108,5.0,Mini Tate Modern,"The museum is roughly divided in 3 parts, Korean artefacts, Modern art and the Special exhibits.  It all gels together quite well and will take you a good few hours all together, but well worth the time.  Love it!", January 2017
109,3.0,Come for swanky photo op  if you don't like modern art,, December 2016
110,4.0,Inspiring place to spend a few hours,"I spent an afternoon viewing the traditional and modern art collections at this museum last fall. It was an inspiring place that I plan to return to later to see more. There are many interesting sculpture installations both inside and out of the museum. There are 2 main buildings, one for traditional/historic artworks and another for contemporary art. Lockers are available to house coats and baggage while you browse the museum. It is also handicap accessible. There is a very nice museum shop with beautiful though expensive gift options. I would recommend this museum to people aged 16 years and up. It would not be very interesting to children.", November 2016
111,4.0,Well funded/maintained venue.,"Interesting world-class exhibitions in a clean and well-maintained venue. While Seoul doesn't lack for decent galleries, Leeum stands out as one of the better ones. Its location and size are also a plus as some of the better ones are located further North across the river. Highly recommend at least one visit if you are an art lover (of course check what's on first).", November 2016
112,5.0,Great mix of old and new,"I went to the Leeum Museum last week.  For 8000 won you get a ticket for the day to see the historical section, the modern art gallery as well as any special presentation that day. It is best to pay for the electronic guides in required language to detail the individual works. The historical museum provided me with an introduction of the dynasties in Korean history.  The modern art works were very interesting, I had no clue what the artists were saying at times so that electronic guide helped me learn a lot. The day I went there was a special moving visual arts display which was a very interesting and  good fun. Would recommend.", January 2017
113,5.0,Just right,We took a taxi to the museum. The buildings are impressive and very modern inside and out. The main collections include both traditional and modern art. Mostly korean but we also saw some of our favourites like giacometti and rothko. The lighting on the works really adds another flare which I really liked. There isn't a lot of descriptions by the works so it might be worth getting an audio guide to appreciate them more in depth. We felt that the museum wasn't overloaded with art and was just right to see on a morning visit. There are extra collections which we didn't see though if you wanted more. There didn't seem to be many cafes or restaurants around the museum. Probably have to walk a bit to itaewon or something., November 2016
114,5.0,Exquisite Museum,"From architectural design to quality materials in construction, the building alone is worth a visit.  But obviously, the collection is marvelous and the way they exhibit the works is also contemporary and appropriate, appealing to the eye.  It's a bit of a taxi ride from city center.  Highly recommended.", October 2016
115,5.0,Amazing museum,, December 2016
116,5.0,World Class Art!,, September 2016
117,5.0,Beautiful space and exhibitions,"The Leeum is located near the Itaewon station. The streets of Itaewon are pretty quiet on the weekday morning I visited, and I appreciated the different vibe of the area in comparison to the other parts of Seoul. The museum itself is quite a sight to behold from the exterior, and the inside only gets better! The permanent exhibition features four levels. I started from the top floor which housed Korean ceramic artifacts and worked my way down, and the audio guide that came with the full admission price was well worth it. There is no descriptions written beside the artwork so that's where the audio guide comes in handy. The bottom two levels are dedicated to contemporary art, with the likes of Francis Bacon, Willem de Kooning, Anish Kapoor, etc. The spiral staircase connecting the levels centers around a stunning piece of installation art. There is another side of the building that features a special exhibition, and at the time of my visit, it featured the installations of Olafur Eliasson. Breathtaking and inspiring! I easily felt that the Leeum was one of the best highlights of my trip in Seoul.", October 2016
118,5.0,Outstanding architecture with (two) remarkable collection inside,, March 2016
119,4.0,Modern and Traditional Arts,I made the wrong turn when finding this place and notice the houses are modern in this area. This museum have modern and traditional arts display which you can appreciate both., February 2016
120,4.0,Carefully selected old and new works of art,, November 2016
121,4.0,A quiet museum with various exhibitions ,"I went to see the Olafur Eliason (please excuse my spelling if it's wrong) and it was interesting. I'm not a big modern art fan but I found some of the art to be very unique and peaked my interest. It's a well laid out museum that has various exhibitions to go with it's permanent exhibition of Korean pottery and Buddhist art. Since I'm not a big modern art fan, this will probably be a one-time visit but I enjoyed it much more than the Tate Modern in London.", November 2016
122,4.0,"Leeum - an amazing arts museum, in the middle of Itaewon",, November 2016
123,5.0,Amazing collection of celadon. Great products in the museum shop.,"I thought this would be a mostly-modern art-museum but they had amazing historical collections of Korea. We got audio guide and spent more than 3 hours..I didn't have much time and energy left to focus on their modern art but they were really good too! Samsung being so successful, yes they can have whatever they want..many of their colletion was much better than the ones I saw Korea's National Museum. And yes their souvenior shop was..great too.", December 2015
124,5.0,small but,Had 90 minutes to visit this museum. Happy that they are showing Olafur Eliasson. Their abstractions collection is pretty complete with all the famous western names. Remember to pick up a free audio help as it a better experience going around with it. The only problem is they do not allow photography inside the museum., November 2016
125,4.0,Great architecture,Great architecture . Great place to spend an afternoon in Seoul. Beautiful collections from the Samsung group. Lovely houses & shops to walk around the museum areas well., May 2016
126,5.0,Small but varied exhibits,, November 2016
127,4.0,Interesting Neighborhood,"This museum is worth a visit if you're interested in Korean or Asian art. Went here to see the architecture and was amazed by the exhibit on Olafur Eliasson. If you're in Seoul and you love art, the exhibit is a must-see.", October 2016
128,3.0,Underwhelmed,We came here because of the many positive reviews. We were quite disappointed  in the small collection ofcontemproray art .   We felt it was not worth a visit   We should have instead headed to art galeries, October 2016
129,5.0,Unexpected gem of a museum,"In the heart of Itaewon, nice exhibits of artifacts and of modern works. 7,000W gets you in to all three halls, and it includes the audio guide.", October 2016
130,5.0,A bit of a hidden gem for art lovers.,"It's a little hard to find down the hill away from Itaewon, but worth the trip.  It's also worth checking their website as they rotate many exhibits.  But it's an excellent space with a nice permanent collection, and a great way to spend a few hours in Seoul.", October 2016
131,5.0,Highly recommended,"Am so glad I decided to drop by this museum.  Currently having they are having special exhibition - olafur eliasson ""parliament of possibilities"" which is definitely a big plus for me.", October 2016
132,5.0,Worth your visit if you are in Itaewon!!,We were given a 1/2 off discount (not sure why!) for all of the exhibits when we went (a Tuesday morning) and we thoroughly enjoyed the art.  Spent about 1.5-2hrs with 4 young kids.  The current special exhibition is awesome (olafur eliasson).  The pottery wing is skipable if you don't care about pottery :)  they are very strict about how you walk through the museum- and our kids made them a bit nervous- but overall it was great!  Kids 7 and under are free., October 2016
133,5.0,One of the best Museums ,The museum buildings and landscape are worth mentioning for their artistic styling and interest. Rent an audio guide which syncs up with the exhibits as you wander around looking. The museum is minimalist and easy to navigate. I look forward to my next visit., October 2016
134,4.0,Samsung Art Museum,"This museum is nested in the multicultural Itaewon neighbourhood of Seoul. It's located in the older part and you have to follow a few winding roads to find it. It is a gem in the rough surroundings. My wife and I enjoyed it thoroughly and we were pleasantly surprised by the exhibitions and the effects built into the museum. If you have an hour or two to kill, this is worth the visit.", October 2016
135,4.0,Cool contemporary exhibition,, September 2016
136,5.0,One of (if not) The Best Museum in Seoul,"Located in the lavish neighborhood of Itaewon, this museum is hidden in the small roads, approx. 5-10 mins from the main street (depending on how long you want to get lost in the many roads which offer cute cafes and beyond) Everything here is showcased with perfection. The arts you find here is like nothing else. You need to visit it to believe that I'm no liar.", August 2016
137,5.0,One of the world's best,"Agree with the reviews. A must see museum. The contemporary stuff was more interesting to me but overall it's all worth seeing. There were so many moments I turned a corner and said ""wow"" in surprise at what I was seeing. Buildings and outdoors sculptures just add to the quality.", September 2016
138,5.0,"An excellent collection of Korean fine art, as well as Korean and International contemporary art!","Leeum Samsung Museum of Art is a collection of three beautifully designed buildings that house traditional Korean arts, a contemporary museum with Korean and international paintings/exhibits, and an education center.  The buildings themselves are as beautiful as the art - well worth a visit!", September 2016
139,5.0,"A definite ""must see""",, June 2016
140,5.0,A must see architectural collaboration!,"The Leeum museum of Korean and International Contemporary Art is a building done by 3 architects: Mario Botta, Jean Nouvel, Rem Koolhaas, Very well done! The Rem Koolhass one house the contemporary art, the Jean Nouvel hose the Korean Art (displayed beautifully) and the Mario Botta unify the 3 buildings", October 2015
141,5.0,Such a great museum,, April 2016
142,5.0,A mix of modern and classic Korean art (and more!),"Museum split into 2 parts. Museum 1 displays classic pieces from mostly 500-1000 years ago giving insight into not only Korean, but also a bit of Chinese art of that time. Educational (art-wise). Tye second part, Museum 2, displays 20-century art from Korea but also international artists in a way that connects them in a meaningful manner. The museum building itself with its exterior is quite cool too! Samsung made interactive displays that allow you to see a few 3D objects displayed in the museum from all angles (by means of virtual rotation etc.). I was not that amazed by that part, but looks cool. At least for those 2 vases it's meant for 😃", August 2016
143,5.0,Gallery nirvana ,"Ok so I've found my galley nirvana, this place is so very good. Curators need congratulating for superb exhibitions. Putting Rothko next to Buddha is inspired genius. Good mix of art, eras, special exhibition. Architecture wonderful", August 2016
144,2.0,Outside of museum was nice but disappointing inside,"The Leeum Samsung Museum of Art is located about 10 minutes away from the Hangangjin Station on line 6 of the Seoul Subway.  I found the outside of the museum to be well designed.  On the inside, the art work displayed may not have been my type of art because I was mostly underwhelmed, especially since the admission fee is 10,000 won ($10 USD).  It also didn't help that I found the staff on duty to be mostly cold and unfriendly.  I went near closing time so they may have been dying to get off of work but that shouldn't be an excuse.  I found that the War Memorial of Korea and the National Folk Museum of Korea to be better and the admission is free.", October 2015
145,5.0,Amazing museum and collection,, October 2015
146,5.0,Stunning ,One of the most enjoyable museum visit we experienced.  The Samsung tablet audio guide did its job brilliantly.  Great mix in modern and new artists.  Beautiful ceramic pieces.  Wonderful architecture.  Very nice coffee shop to take a rest before continuing to explore.  So please that we made the effort to go on our last day in Seoul., June 2016
147,5.0,Gem of a museum,Wonderful ceramic and art collection in a modern setting with an electronic guide that told the history of each piece when you stood in front of it., June 2016
148,5.0,Good Combinationof Everything,"The place has a great expensive collection of art and it is very affordable for the quality of time and money they put in the space. Where else will you see mario botta, jean nouvel and rem koolhaas buildings in the same place? I mean I wasn't in love but I really appreciated the large sculptures and their vast collection of korean art and international art.", June 2016
149,4.0,Private Collection of Samsung family,, May 2016
150,5.0,Stunningly curated museum,, February 2016
151,4.0,Serene time at the Museum of Art,On a rainy day I decided to do one of those indoor activities and chose the Leeum. At the ticket counter I opted in for the audio guide which was a Samsung tablet - definitely worth it. The architecture of the building is really beautiful. At the time I was there they had a great mix of traditional art and newer Korean graphic artists. They also have a nice museum shop with very friendly and helpful staff., September 2015
152,5.0,Great things in small packages,"Designed by three noted architects, this small museum has one wing for traditional Korean art - ceramics, paintings and artifacts (all amazing) and another for contemporary art and a third for children activities.  Beautifully arranged on a hillside with fantastic gardens.  Near shopping and good restaurants", May 2016
153,5.0,Great find!,, May 2016
154,5.0,"As a European a ""Must"". Great architecture from Botta, Kolhaas and Nouvel",, May 2016
155,5.0,Best Museum in Seoul,"Worth it! worth it! worth it!!!!! if youre a lover of contempoary art, this is your place even the museum cafe is designed especially for the museum. if you dont want to pay the entrance fee (which i recommend you do) the outside garden is free and equally amazing inside.", February 2016
156,5.0,Modern Museum in the Multi-Cultural neighborhood of Itaewon,, May 2015
157,4.0,Perfect morning or afternoon trip with surprising beauty,"Maybe because the Leeum is not too big or because you have these separate buildings, you can spend a nice morning or afternoon here. The Korean classics are beautiful and there are interesting exhibitions (I saw a classical architecture exhibit). Besides that the buildings are worth a visit and the neighborhood is fun to stroll around.", December 2015
158,4.0,Modern and traditional,The Leeum Samsung Museum has both a traditional Korean art component and a modern art area.  We only toured the modern art area which was easy to see in a few hours.  We took advantage of the warmth indoors to escape the cold of Seoul's winter.  There are some very cool art pieces inside and of course the exterior courtyard offered some stunning installations., December 2015
159,4.0,Museum with a monumental architecture,"where nature, art and architecture have been put into one place in an aesthetic way, the space itself is worth visiting, though the artworks were being poorly presented.", January 2015
160,1.0,"Controlling, rude and pretentious ",, December 2015
161,5.0,beautiful museum,"A great architectural venue. The collection is a bit of a show-off when it comes to Western artists, but the venue is magnificent and the collections well put together. Great Asian works too and special collection on Korean architecture was particularly interesting.", December 2015
162,5.0,Incredible range of art,"A two part museum, with a permanent collection and temporary exhibits. Ultra modern technology guides making navigating the museum a great deal of fun and very informative. Go for both parts if you have the time. Not to be missed.", December 2015
163,5.0,Beautiful museum,, November 2015
164,5.0,Leeum - A world-class private collection and must-see for art lovers,, November 2015
165,5.0,"Beautiful architecture, first rate guidance through exhibits with Samsung technology ","The gardens with the spectacular outdoor sculptures were wonderful.  The exterior and interior designs were first rate, by amazing architects, Koolhaus, Botta and Nouvel. Exhibits included historical artifacts and contemporary international art. Most amazing are the mobile Samsung devices used for guidance, which audio described each piece fully and visually the device's display on the screen allowed expansion of the item for closer viewing. I'm returning for another tour when I go back to Seoul. Very nice cafe inside as well.", November 2015
166,5.0,Luvd it!,this I did on my own..and I loved it. 3-4 levels of art starting at the top where they have some of their national treasures from the Joseun Dynasty and also some dating even earlier., October 2015
167,2.0,Not quite worth your time or money,"While this is a stunning museum from an design standpoint, it was my least favourite museum that I visited while in Seoul. The exhibitions were rather boring in Museum 1 (you really have to like ceramics to enjoy it), but Museum 2 has some interesting modern art. I would probably not recommend visiting this museum to anyone being that there are several museums that are free and have far better exhibitions around Seoul.", October 2015
168,5.0,Architects must-visit,"Rem Koolhaas, Mario Botta and Jean Nouvel together in one place. No more explanation needed. Great architecture and great exhibitions(most of the time)", October 2015
169,4.0,A beautiful museum to visit,, October 2015
170,5.0,Perfecr Size,"This museum has two wings, one with historical Korean artifacts and one devoted to contemporary art. Both of them are strong enough to stand on their own. The location above the embassies gives a nice view over Itaewon. This museum is a nice two hour visit.", October 2015
171,5.0,A nice collection.,This is an amazing place to visit if you like contemporary art. They have two museums one for contemporary and the other for Korean historical artefacts. This is a beautiful building in itself. The spaces in the museum feel dark but you will find you are surrounded by minders everywhere you go probably because of no Photos policy. The collection is amazing and the audio guides (rigged up samsung phones) have proximity sensors and autoplay as an when you get close to an artwork. This was an ideal post mean getaway in a hot seoul afternoon. Worth the visit., October 2015
172,5.0,Great Place,"The Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art is a museum in Hannam-dong, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea, run by the Samsung Foundation of Culture.", May 2015
173,5.0,Diverse and interesting art museum,Excellent museum with a diverse collection matching antiquities with modern art. If you like vases this is the place to go! Interesting building as well. It's a short hike up the hill from the metro station. Definitely recommended!, August 2015
174,5.0,Nice and pleasant art gallary.,"Nice and pleasant art gallary. I usually don't go to art gallary, but I visited here because this art gallary has good reputation. I enjoyed various arts and it was calm and clean. I want to revisit here. I recommend this place.", October 2014
175,5.0,best museum in world,"this hidden gem is worth the effort to find.  The architecture and collections are truly world class.  Amazing installations, wonderful place to retreat from real world and spend time among some of the best art you will see, Western and Korean.  Lovely small store.  Very professional. You'll think you're in Paris!", August 2015
176,4.0,Good collection ,"A rare unique collection of porcelain artifacts ,  Buddhist paintings and structures spread over 2 museums", September 2015
177,4.0,"Wonderful exhibit, but a bit pricey and small","Leeum is a very nice museum, and probably the most modern of the major museums in Korea : the building itself is a wonder, ans on the Inside, the rooms are arranged in an interesting manner. The lightning is also amazing, especially for the Celadon collection. iPad-like devices allow for better viewing of some artifacts. The contemporary art section is also definitely Worth it, with works from major artists displayed (Francis Bacon, Alberto Giacometti...). These are really masterpieces in Western modern and contemporary art, something that is not always easy to find in Korea. There are two negatives to this museum though : it's pricey, being a private museum, and it's not so big (I'd say you need two hours to visit it, three hours max), so it might not be bang for your buck if you're defining ""bang"" as ""time"".", June 2015
178,5.0,Wonderful Collection - Worth a Visit,, September 2015
179,4.0,Samsung Family Visit,"We were provided a free visit to the Leeum museum for Samsung employees, so I jumped at the chance. The museum has a variety of artwork from paintings, sculptures, pottery, sketches and metal work. With both historical and modern art fixtures, there is something here for everyone to appreciate. The inclusion of digital guides and interactive displays actually enhance the experience. This is unique because often the inclusion of modern electronic devices takes away from the calm introspective feelings that come from a museum visit. The staff are very friendly, and most understand English, making it a very foreign-friendly place to visit.", September 2015
180,5.0,Stunning museum,I was I had more time spend in this museum.  I did not plan my visit here well enough which was unfortunate as this would have to be one of the best museums I have ever seen anywhere in the world.  It is so intelligently curated and the art so brilliantly and thoughtfully displayed that the experience of visiting is overwhelming.  The Asian and Korean exhibits are just stunning and beautifully chose and displayed alongside some astonishing masters of western modern art.  In fact if you've ever felt a touch of cynicism regarding the worth of contemporary art this museum will easily dispel such notions.  It is just wonderful., February 2015
181,3.0,nice compact museum,"you are not allowed to bring your camera, the technology, building, lighting was nice but the exhibition kind of ordinary in my opinion", July 2015
182,4.0,Beautifully curated,"The collections are exquisite and beautifully curated.  I'm not a great fan of the audio guides, which repeatedly tell you how beautiful everything is as if you can't see it for yourself or make your own judgement.  Worth it just for the architecture alone.  Also the best latte in Seoul, in my humble opinion.", August 2015
183,5.0,Love at the Leeum,"Not as large as the Lourve or the MoMA, Leeum is equally astounding in terms of aesthetics and appreciation of ancient heritage. Tucked inside a quiet hill side of bustling Itaewon, she is perched on a little hill waiting to welcome art lovers and history buff alike. I went to the ancient Korean Art exhibit where Celadon and Porcelain art work were the main art pieces. Korean art is filled with splendor, resplendent and utterly mesmerizing for our eyes to behold. Worth a visit.", August 2015
184,3.0,"Nice building, not much of interest for me","This is a good museum for viewing Korean art and ceramics in a classier setting than most.  I'm not very interested in modern art, so the modern art section was a bit lost on me.  The admission is very overpriced in my opinion.", August 2014
185,5.0,High tech museum with impressive Korean art,, May 2015
186,3.0,High expectations were not met,"From reading the commentary in the Lonely Planet guide to Seoul our expectations of this museum were high. We started with Museum 2, the contemporary art collection and to make a long story short : only a few pieces were worth the trip. Museum 1 was merely OK.", July 2015
187,3.0,Very high expectations that were not met,"In the Lonely Planet guide of Seoul this museum was highly recommended and thus we were expecting an interesting collection. Unfortunately, very few pieces were worth the trip to this museum.", July 2015
188,2.0,This was disappointing,"This museum was quite disappointing from what we expected. To start with, the exhibitions in the lobby, were the most interesting. The staff wasn't so friendly. Sort of resembling the old ladies working in the louvre or in a Russian tea pot museum. You are watched all the time by the staff. If you move to look closer on an object, the alarm will sound. Then I'm not really into modern art either. Or I was, but prior to this museum. I mean, there was literally a totally black painting. And it was slightly overpriced as well. But the building was appealing and futuristic and so was the art in the lobby.", April 2015
189,5.0,Fabulous Museum in Itaewon,"Visited the Leeum Samsun Museum of Art in April this year.  Architecture alone was worth the visit, but the distinct Modern Art and Classical Korean Art, ceramics and textiles were exquisite.  Located on a side street on Han river side of Itaewon it was a wonderful place to spend a rainy day.  Nearby is a fabulous complex called Passion 5 with one of the best restaurants and bakeries in Seoul.", April 2015
190,4.0,Varied Collection,"Tucked away in Itaewon, I got a little lost finding it so arrived with only around an hour to visit.  I would recommend giving yourself a few hours to spend with the two collections (the traditional art and contemporary), I wish I hadn't had to rush through.", July 2014
191,1.0,Same old same old.,amazing building filled with predictable bits....one would think that' in this day and age Damian Hurst and sadly Andy Warhol would have been confined to the dusty shelves....worhol  poppies must be so dated it's almost becoming back into fashion....the de Kooning and Joan Mitchell the best., June 2015
192,4.0,2nd visit,, June 2015
193,5.0,Faboulous,, June 2015
194,5.0,The Best!!!,Nice Cafe within the building...superb art pieces and of the old and new...wonderful mix..take your time...do not rush through it..worth hiring the digital guide....personalised tour within...a place not to be missed....., May 2015
195,5.0,An Artists Art Gallery,This is a favorite spot for any artist.  It's easy to spend 3 hours here.  The work is very up to the minute and the displays are expertly done to give the maximum effect for the work and the artist's intent.  There is audio if you like to be lectured to or you can forgo that. , February 2015
196,2.0,Absolutely overrated,"One of the smallest collection ever that need to pay 10K W. 3Floors of ancient and modern art display. walking uphill was a huge effort.  Go to other Museum or Palaces... if you like architecture, go around backlane of itaewon you can see more interesting cafes and boutiques", May 2015
197,5.0,AMAZING...great collection....and design...,well I was so lucky because there was a exhibition of jean michel basquiat...wich I loved..the museum is located at itaweon neighborhood so you can have a chance to do both...it worth a visit !, November 2014
198,4.0,Beautiful collection in beautiful designed museum,Traditional Art en modern Art comes together in this inspirational building. Don't miss it and see for yourself!, May 2015
199,4.0,great building,"fantastic exhibits and art work. Its abit tricky to find but worth a visit. It shows how monder technology and art can work together. the building architecture is fab, with each one being different from another and in great contrast.", May 2015
