,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,"beautifully done, fascinating, and educational","to be honest, i wasn’t expecting to be as impressed as i was with the museum, but i am so glad that we paid it a visit in the middle of our trip to the theme park, and i would highly recommend others to do the same.  my personal favourite is the miniature zone in the last part", September 2019
1,5.0,Worth a visit. Give it a try. ,One may think that it’s going to be boring visiting museum while in Lotte World. You can’t be more wrong. The museum is extremely well done. From pre-historic to the latest dynasty and the modern day - you can learn so much. The life size exhibits are animated and some have, September 2019
2,5.0,Pleasant surprise - definitely recommended,Came to Lotte World for the rides and attractions - didn't even give the Folk Museum a passing thought until my dad mentioned that it was included in our admission ticket. We decided to drop by to have a look around (had no idea what to expect) but it turns out that this museum, September 2019
3,5.0,The hidden sepul,"Really hidden in the Lotte Advanture world  If we were not given the offer to pay extra 20,000W we wouldn’t have known about this museum   It is really nice in the 3rd floor of the Lotte Advanture world theme park, you can learn a lot about the Korean tradition and also have a", August 2018
4,5.0,A hidden gem!!,"Totally undiscovered place in Seoul!  We really enjoyed this museum. One of the great things about Korean museums (there are so many interesting ones in Seoul) is that they are mostly deserted!  You can really reflect and enjoy the greatness of museums, which meant to be. In my", June 2018
5,4.0,Lotte Adventure for Histrory Lover and for Seniors,"While my kids play around Lotte Adventure rides with my wife, i took my senior in laws to this museum. There they enjoyed everything to know about Korean Folk from prehistoric time to modern time. On display are historical clothing, tools, and shelters. We were treated to life", March 2018
6,3.0,Go on weekends,Went on a weekday. I think it’s free to entry with Lotte World adventure tickets. Seniors get a discount n children below 3 gets to enter for free. There is performance and activities during the weekends. Do check before u pay to go in., December 2017
7,4.0,A great Korean Folk Museum which deserves more attention -,"Actually, this museum visit was not on my agenda. I was going to see what the 'Lotte World Adventure' was all about. Since I did not want to do all these attraction I walk around and saw the entrance to this museum. As the price was only Won 5,000 , I decided to have ad look. I", October 2017
8,5.0,A hidden gem - truly brilliant workmanship.,"I don't know what the cost of entry would be as entry is included when you purchase a day ticket to Lotte World.  Before going any further; if history, old bones and artifacts or amazing modelling aren't your thing. Don't bother with this place.  However if they are, then this", August 2017
9,5.0,"Cheap museum, great experience.",We just bought a ticket for the museum and it was very cheap. The museum itself is far bigger than we thought. There was a good bit of information of the different periods and a few interactive parts that we really enjoyed like old games that they used to play and, June 2017
10,4.0,Educational!,"While roaming around  the theme park, I saw this museum.  It is for free when you buy the ticket to the amusement park.  There were lots of colorful, miniature Korean folks from pre-historic age, stone age up to the time of the different dynasties. Looking at the small scale", October 2016
11,4.0,Taste the culture,"It's located on the second floor of the lotte world. It's free. You can see the traditional wedding ceremony, design of the traditional house, souvenirs & huge restaurants area etc. ", October 2016
12,4.0,intersting and educational,lots of models of different historical building and artifacts. very informative about the history of korea. plus it's free with lotte world ticket. can't beat that., January 2016
13,4.0,Good Basic History Lesson,"While visiting the amusement park we detoured to visit the museum which was lots of fun.  It came free with our ticket to the park.  It used lots of life size models, replica buildings and miniature displays to give you background and visual. The Miniatures were especially", June 2016
14,4.0,Interactive and enlightening experience,The entrance is a little hard to locate but the museum itself is fantastic. I have never been to a museum which has so many miniature re-creations before. Everything is expertly made and you'll be able to learn about the history of South Korea from start to present. There are, April 2016
15,5.0,Fun and educational.,Great way to learn more about Korea's history. Museum features life-size wax figures and miniature displays that show traditional village life during the ancient times. , December 2015
16,4.0,Great but v cold in January,The museum includes a large outdoor display and a good sized indoor museum with a range of different displays.  We liked the outdoor area best but it would not recommend visiting in winter.  Food options were minimal. , January 2016
17,4.0,"Surprisingly good, though not particularly new","This is a surprisingly large, well-done museum that emphasizes tableaux (dioramas) to illustrate various periods of Korean history, particularly those things that demonstrate Korean innovations or dominance.  Most of the exhibits were state-of-the-art in 1990, unchanged since", January 2016
18,5.0,Educational,"Excellent way to wrap the day after spending hours playing at Lotte World Adventure. It's quiet and nicely mapped out, so as we walked through we get ourselves educated on the way of life in Korea's past. The highlight for us was near the exit, we found a Hanbok rental counter.", October 2015
19,5.0,Interesting,Is a part of Lotte World. is a nice place where you can see a miniature models about the life of koreean when they has imperial lire. For kids is an interesting place to go. They will enjoy it!, September 2015
20,5.0,A large and comprehensive folk museum,"Part of Lotte World, this folk museum is large and has miniature models depicting life in imperial Korea. You get to learn a lot about Korean culture.", July 2015
21,3.0,Not very authentic but the kids will like it,"It's inside Lotte World in Jamsil so don't expect authenticity. For that you need to be outdoors. Still, if you're interested in tasting some old style Korean food and seeing a snapshot of how things used to be, not a bad way to spend and hour or two during your day at Lotte", November 2014
22,5.0,Love these small people,"I always like looking at these small people and buildings. It makes me feel powerful haha. You know when you are a kid (for generations before the internet age becomes mainstream) u can have just 2 small action figures and play all day with your imagination? well, when i was at", June 2014
23,3.0,"Interesting, part of the ticket entrance",Just like any other museum. Nothing spectacular about it. But because we got the Lotte World park ticket and this was inclusive hence we went for it., March 2015
24,5.0,great and informative,the musuem was well laid-out. the miniature village was particularly excellent. showing the history was also quite clever. i learnt a lot., October 2014
25,5.0,a gem of a discovery; totally underrated,"It was so beautifully curated and I was blown away by the efforts put into the miniature models. I ended up spending 2 hours in the museum... longer than I did queuing for the outdoor rides. I give it a 10/10 and recommend it wholeheartedly. To thoroughly enjoy the experience, I", April 2014
26,4.0,Hidden Gem on Level 3,"Lotte World amusement park and the Ice Rink seem to attract more people, but this museum is a hidden gem on Level 3, accessible only by elevator. Tickets are 5000won per adult, 3500won per adult if in a group of 20 and above. A ""museum passport"" can be purchased for 1000won at", May 2014
