,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,I love this place!,"If I ever return to Seoul, I will spend more than 1 day shopping here. It has variety and prices are very competitive.", December 2019
1,1.0,Mr,Not family friendly at their restaurants. Ate at the Seoul pork cutlet at the mall. Squeezed 7 into table of 4. Almost dropped my plates due to lack of space., December 2019
2,4.0,Great shopping,"You can get almost everything at Lotte outlet mall - from clothes, cosmetics to household goods.   We love the Lotte Mart. A lot of Korean snacks. The prices are reasonable too.   They process tax refund at check out counters. Very convenient.", November 2019
3,5.0,Amazing brand names at great prices at this bustling train station,Lotte Outlets Seoul Station provides visitors with a solid assortment of brand names at great prices., September 2019
4,3.0,Normal shopping center,Normal large store by Seoul main train station. Divide over 3 floors it has plenty of options of male and female clothing., September 2019
5,5.0,Good place for shopping,"This is very useful place for shopping if you have money and time. Many kind to closthes, shoes, glasses,...brand in the world.", June 2019
6,5.0,Craziness at Lotte Mart!,"Lotte Mart is a superstore where you can get high end cosmetics, snacks, groceries, household supplies and hot food. We went to get some Korean snacks and was shocked to find it packed at 6pm with mainly tourists who has suitcases to carry their purchases! Prices were reasonable", May 2019
7,3.0,It’s Okay.,"If you like digging around then you might enjoy. I wasn’t impressed. The local markets such as Insadong, etc., were much more fun and impressive because the local markets allow you to purchase local products locally made, often by hand.", May 2019
8,5.0,Heaven of tidbits and snacks,Convenient to shop for anything and everything.Located at convenient location whereby you can even courier back to your country after purchased with reasonable courier fee, October 2018
9,1.0,👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾not worthy to go,"The outlet is connected to Lotte Mart, I would say it’s mainly for tourists... the price is not cheap but the brands and styles are not attractive... if you are shopaholic, I recommend you to go to Hongdik or Myeongdong.... for the supermarket, I prefer Homeplus or local market,", January 2019
10,5.0,Must Visit in Seoul,"We took subway from our hotel myeongdong area to lottemart seoul station. We bought korean snacks, ramen, korean tea, maskers, wine, etc. You can try a lots of free sample here. The price is very cheap. We bought 3 bottles of wine @ 5000 won. You can find many kinds of korean", December 2018
11,4.0,The true outlet is outside the building,"There are very affordable sellers outside the building. The location is between Lotte Outlet and Lotte Mart. The outside area looks like a temporary flea market. But, they work there almost everyday. There are apparels, shoes, bags,... Most things are cheap and decent qualities.", December 2018
12,4.0,It can be a place to go do some shopping,"This mall is conveniently located at Seoul Station. It sells various big name brands as well as some lesser known brands.  We did buy some items here, but not really sure the prices were indeed discounted. Nonetheless, it is place to go do some shopping. ", December 2018
13,3.0,Good discount,"Went there as it listed in the shopping place to visit.  We bought something from North Face because it is a good discount. If you have a specific brand in mind and know what you are looking for, worth giving a try. It's conscience as it is located  next to the Seoul station. ", December 2018
14,4.0,Korean Holiday,"We browsed through a range of brand-name products which were heavily discounted prices at Lotte Outlets Seoul Station.  We were able to look through popular brands, such as Zara and The North Face, with up to 70 percent off.  Merged with Seoul station, this department store is a", November 2018
15,5.0,last minute groceries and souvenirs,this is a fantastic place for last minute shopping before leaving for the airport. Free luggage storage. Free boxes to pack your purchases. Lots of free food sampling in the supermarket - try before you buy. Immediate tax refund. Next to train and subway. Huge mall with a great, November 2018
16,2.0,"Avoid, avoid","In Seoul it is easy to shop ’til you drop. With so many options, how can you know where to go first? I can’t answer that question for you but I do know the one not to go at all would be Lotte Outlets. It is by far the saddest mall experience in Seoul. Good luck to anyone trying", August 2018
17,4.0,Nice mall in Seoul Station,Worth a visit if you are near Seoul Station and in the mood for shopping. The mall is clean and modern and large with lots of items on discount and there is also a special area that sells items on offer such as sports bags and caps when we were there.  The toys area was nice, July 2018
18,3.0,Not an outlet,This mall situated next to Seoul Station. Nothing big to shout bout. Just a normal mall. Discount on certain items but still consider expensive. Not worth to visit., October 2018
19,4.0,Not really an outlet but you can find everything you need here,"It's not like those big brand outlet stores that you see around, it has the basics, but it's not cheap. I just love going to the pet shop on the 3rd floor...that's it...", September 2018
20,4.0,Typical big department store,"Plenty of sections on high end products. Tax free for tourist, not sure though what's the minimum purchase. Staff are polite and helpful.", August 2018
21,3.0,Limited range,I was expecting to see a wide range of mid-range and designer things but instead found a very limited sale range at non-outlet prices., August 2018
22,3.0,Only have high class brand,"It's nice shopping Mall. Big and have lots and lots luxurious brand. Crowded. The price doesn't seems to be cheaper than anywhere else. So it's depends on your shopping preference. If you don't normally shop for branded items, then no point to go here, Better Myeongdong /", June 2018
23,4.0,Free luggage and locker before going to airport,Good to do your last stop shopping at the Lotte Mart here cos they have free luggage and lockers for up to 3 hours. No worries if you don’t have any luggage space left cos they provide a free packing area using recycled boxes. Tape is also provided free of charge., June 2018
24,5.0,Shopping and food outlet!,"Lotte outlet located at Seoul Station, since my apartment is just nearby, decided to check on the outlet, lots of item available here, definitely a place to go, recommended 👍🏻", May 2018
25,3.0,Nice place to walk around,Large outlet mall in Seoul Station. It has lots of different outlet stores inside.  It was a nice place to look around but the prices didn't seem too much cheaper than other places., December 2017
26,2.0,Nothing much! abit disappointed,Nothing much in this outlet. Would recommend to spend time in Lottemart instead and take a stroll in the outlet if times permit., April 2018
27,3.0,Good Outlet,"Lotte outlet just outside the Seoul station Lot of korean products available here, Price is also reasonable Good place to shop for tourists", March 2018
28,5.0,Shopping paradise for Korean products ,"Came here using metro exit 1 at Seoul station . The place is big . Service was good . At lotte mart we bought a lot of Korean snacks , tea, nuts , price seems cheaper here compare to emart at myeong dong , for example a box of biscuits crown brand at emart Myeongdong was 5000", March 2018
29,4.0,"Lotte Mart, Tax refund ","Lotte outlet is one of our favorite place in Seoul. Not only selling good quality things, this outlet also has good price. There are lots of food samples inside the mart.  They don't provide plastic bags, but they provide boxes. For foreigners, don't forget to bring your", January 2018
30,5.0,"Lotte Outlet, Seoul Station...Convenient Mall","We stayed near Seoul Station so Lotte Outlet is just around the corner from our home sweet home in Seoul. Located inside the Seoul Station itself, offer a lot products from clothing, handbags as well as shoes. There was sale everywhere especially during weekends.  The Lotte", November 2017
31,4.0,"Lotte Outlets, Seoul Station.","The Lotte outlets are immediately adjacent to Seoul Station.  It occupies a large area and caters for a wide range of customers and goods.  Prices vary enormously, but personally I found the average prices of clothing and cosmetics there expensive, and would rather deal with", November 2017
32,5.0,Outlet mall and grocery,"Lotte outlet is right outside Seoul Station.  During weekends, there are lot of outdoor stalks selling clothing and handbag.  Price is really good too (5000W to 10000W for a sweater, 40%-70% mark-down on brand name purses).  The Lotte supermarket is the one that I visited most. ", October 2017
33,4.0,I found the place where prices are reasonable,"Because The Korean festival Chuseok it has been difficulties to find shopping places which are reasonably priced and open!  Seoul seems to be closed last week. These Lotte outlets are just above Seoul station, when you come up on escalator. Clothing for women, men and also to", October 2017
34,3.0,Just another shopping outlet,"A big shopping outlet conveniently located around Seoul station. If you like shopping, you may enjoy this place but to us, its not much different from other shopping outlets and departmental stores. Lots of Korean stuff you can buy.", October 2016
35,5.0,Very good place for shopping,"Very good place for shopping, too many things to buy. Many good fruits, food and drinks to buy there. Also household things to buy too. ", August 2017
36,4.0,Have a look,"Just another place where you can find lots of options for your shopping season... is there a special feature on this type of places? No. Just go around and if you find any interesting product, clothes or whatever you are looking for... for sure you will enjoy it.", May 2017
37,5.0,Great supermarket,Great supermarket full of korean stuff! Great place to get snacks for family and friends back home. Many opportunities to sample food products! People are seen purchasing boxes of groceries! Remember to bring your own bag though as you need to pay for bags. Boxes are free., July 2017
38,1.0,Boring Beyond Belief,"Same stuff , with the usual intrusive music , which I am sure is acceptable to Koreans but to a western tourist it's hell on earth.", June 2017
39,4.0,Plenty of Korean foodstuff,"Don’t look elsewhere for Korean edible stuff, just make your way to this supermarket and you will find all kinds of products here, e.g. packet noodles, tea/coffee, seaweed, ginseng, pickles, soju, etc.  This place is very popular with tourists, like me.  I love to browse through", May 2017
40,5.0,Old stuff,"Mostly last last collections of cloth and shoes there. Nothing interesting, too much tourists inside", September 2016
41,3.0,Shopping Centre,"Walked past them every day during my stay and only went in once. Nothing special really, for the tourist. The best being the Lotte Mart where you can stock up on groceries cheaper that the little 24H shops dotted around. If you are going to buy a few things (over 30,000) then", February 2017
42,5.0,Marts,"Seoul mart is the place to go for all local food, it's a large supermarket and carries food, makeup lines, small appliances and more.  It's the one place to go to buy back souvenirs, loaded with fresh fruits I was driven to walk down all the aisles, careful not to miss corner. ", February 2017
43,4.0,Lots to buy and conveniently next to the train station,"It is right next to Seoul train station and right outside of Seoul station subway stop. There are tons of shops and things to buy, it's pretty much a giant department store. Although it's not very wide or lengthy, there are a lot of floors to explore. If you have a bit of time", December 2016
44,4.0,Good Deals,Great place if you seek good deals on good brands. There are eating outlets too for your convenience., December 2016
45,3.0,"Doesn't feel like it is an outlet, but does have discount products","The style doesn't let me feel like it is an outlet, more like a department store!! It does have discount products.", November 2016
46,2.0,Outlet Shopping,Didn't get to buy anything. Maybe its the season. Mostly winter wear at this time of the year. I only spent less than an hour browsing through. The prices are not that cheap as well. Waste of time.  But you should visit the lotte mart nextdoor with better bargains of snacks and, October 2016
47,5.0,Helpful,"I have forgot my jacket , in a rainy day, had KTX train to Ulsan , in expensive city such Seoul here i found qualified jacket to purchase and go on travel.", September 2016
48,2.0,Crowded but not cheap,"I don't know why it's so crowded, the items sold doesn't seem like outlet price, so didn't border to buy anything. ", July 2016
49,2.0,Poor,My hubs was the only one who was most pleased with this place as he bought his Le Coq Sportif apparels at very good prices compared to those in Singapore. This place ain't really worth a visit unless you are in the area. However the Lotte supermarket next door is a heaven to be, June 2016
50,3.0,Shopping in City Center,"Huge outlets with great deals on apparels, shoes and cosmetics, right in the heart of the city. Inside the main Seoul Railway station compound, location could hardly be better.", April 2016
51,5.0,Modern Traveler,"I ended up having to use the KTX because bus tickets were sold out at the Nambu bus station, and I'm so glad I did! The Seoul station was very spacious, clean, and easy to navigate. Taking the train is a bit more expensive than by bus, but was much faster and really comfortable.", April 2016
52,3.0,Neighbourhood shopping mall,I stayed near the area during my trip in Mar 2016. The place is nothing more than just an average neighbourhood shopping mall which is connnected to Seoul Station metro station and KTX train station. You have to bring your own shopping bag at the supermarket if you shop there., March 2016
53,4.0,Nice place to shop food for souvenir,I visited this place after several bloggers review that this place sell the best sellers of souvenir food at good price.   I bought the infamous Market O Real Brownie here at very discounted price (I bought the biggest value pack from here). Normally outside only sell the small, May 2015
54,4.0,Discounted Items at Seoul,here you could find discounted items at the center of Seoul located in Seoul Station this area is like a department store with outlet items and price, April 2016
55,4.0,One stop shopping,"There is the Lotte Outlets which sell mainly clothing, shoes and bags, the Lotte Supermarket is just next door, there is a food court and restaurants at the Lotte Outlets Seoul Station, can buy and eat before heading to Incheon Airport.", January 2016
56,4.0,Lots of famous brands with relatively cheap price,"This ""outlet"" is very accessible, located at Seoul station. There are lots of international and local brands there with a relatively cheap price (compared to that of Lotte department store). But, most of the brands can be found in other countries, so it is up to you to see if", February 2016
57,4.0,Next to Seoul Station,"Access is remarkble since it is located beside Seoul station.Not so big nor diversfied as other outlets mall like Time square, Lotte World Mall, Coex Mall. No speciallity cannot be found. Ordinary shopping mall.It is bridged over Lotte Mart.", January 2016
58,5.0,Not to miss,"i made two trips here. I for use during the trip, and another to take home. Bring your own shopper's bag. Boxes are provided for packing but it's a fix size box and quite small so if your returning airline only allow one checkin luggage, it your be better to repack again. ", January 2016
59,2.0,Don't Bother,"Outlet shopping should be synonymous with outlet prices. However, if anyone has been to outlet malls in countries like USA and Europe, you will struggle to find anything of acceptable value. This Lotte outlet is only suitable for people who have never been to an outlet mall in", November 2015
60,1.0,Utterly speechless..,"Crowded with tourists as it is located in seoul station. I'm ok with the overall products offered. I just can't believe the poor services they had. Staffs are just rude. I wish it is just certain individuals that are like that, but no. I mean most of them. I had some questions", November 2015
61,1.0,Dull,I should have gone in with low expectations... It's basically a giant Lotte store with similar prices and a good location. Not worth the hype. , November 2014
62,3.0,Not cheap,"Despite being an outlet with 50 - 70% discounted items, their price is still quite high when compared to our Singapore's items.", October 2015
63,2.0,Not My taste!!,"This mall is connected to Seoul Main station.  There are so many brands to shop from. Clothes, shoes, cosmetics, junk…… Price is average not cheap at all… thinking it’s a Lottee mall and assuming to be budget friendly… no its wrong… not cheap! Not my taste thou but did pay a", August 2015
64,4.0,Not bad prices ,I only visit when I'm about to ride the KTX train.  This mall has decent prices and not as crowded as i thought even though Seoul station is always super packed.  Worth a visit, September 2015
65,3.0,Lots of bargains,I have to say that when we were here we did pick up some clothing that was very very cheap. I think its worth visiting as you never know what they are clearing out., March 2015
66,5.0,Shopping time,"Most of the sales actually speaks very good Mandarin. Whatever you need, you ask and they will assist. Good.", September 2014
67,4.0,"If You're Close, Swing By, V. Interesting","I could not access my stop [City Hall] because of the Pope's appearance, so I got off the subway at Seoul Central to walk to my hotel, and there was Lotte Outlets. My guess is a good number of the items here are seasonal clearance from the massive Lotte stores. Some maybe brands", August 2014
68,4.0,Crowded for a reason!,"Many people come here by the metro, so it is a zoo!  But most tourists do not ever go above ground, they get off the metro, go to the stores and never see the beautiful Grand Central Station.  Go outside!  Anyway, the outlets are pretty much the same as the rest of Korea's", September 2013
69,5.0,Nice department store. Offers a good mixture of affordable and higher end goods,"Our trip to the Lotte Outlet was our best shopping day in Seoul. We had been to Doota (very cute things, but way out of our price range; there was a dress I adored there, but it was 360,000 won) and Miglore (we didn't care for anything there) and were thinking that we might go", July 2013
70,4.0,Fun and Funky Clothing -- pricey,"Saw a lot of unusual clothing -- some at great prices, most at huge prices.  Unusual designs for shoes -- too bady none in my size (too small) or my granddaughter's foot size (too large).  However, they said, for a price, almost any design could be custom ordered.", April 2013
