,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Tokyo feels basement food court,"If you have liked basement food courts in some of tokyo’s department stores, this place will bring you back there. Lots of dine in and takeaway selections. I quite enjoyed it.", September 2019
1,4.0,"If you love shopping, go there","It has many well known Korean brands at one place and also in the basement there is a Kpop store. Honestly if the busy streets of Myeongdong are too much, it is a good way to still get some shopping done.", June 2019
2,5.0,Suitable for ladies,"As someone who is social media-savvy, I see a lot of Korean online stores that sell veryyy cute clothes. I couldn't buy them because I have trust issues with shipping companies esp. internationally. At this mall, the 3rd floor is specifically for their most famous online stores such as 3ce/Stylenanda and Chuu. At the most bottom floor, you can find a K-Pop shop that sells cheaper albums than the ones in Underground Myeongdong. They also have the older ones which the UM shops don't have as well as signed albums.", June 2019
3,3.0,A department store,"The one thing worth mentioning about this store is that it has some shops specifically for youngsters and the young at heart. Rather than a mall of different retailers, this appears to be all Lotte, which didn’t feel like great value", May 2019
4,1.0,Fraudulent operation with my credit card,"At the BT21 store where they sell all the cute animals stuffs, I was charged twice on my credit card. The young lady told me that I had to insert my card and sign one more time. I should have been more cautious, as I could have checked on my credit card application right after. And of course no ticket payment which was supposed to be in the bag. So no way for me to get my money back. I feel a bit disgusted by this experience, because I’m convinced it happened because I’m a foreigner.", October 2018
5,4.0,Best location and variable shops,"It just located in the center of Myeongdong - the center of Seoul with hundreds of shop and coffee, bars.", March 2017
6,3.0,"For young people, connected to Lotte Department Store",, January 2018
7,5.0,Best Place for the young ones ,A great place for the young people who are interested in the latest fashion and the korean idols styling, November 2017
8,3.0,"Mall for the young, ""specifically""........",, November 2017
9,4.0,Big department store,, August 2017
10,2.0,Expensive but Interesting Place for Young Rich People,"Went in with an open mind and true enough it was another mall for trendy richies. I was expecting the mall also covering very young group, but my daughter and i stopped at level 2. We started from basement where SUM was but were not very encouraged to continue to find out more. We went back to Namdaemun which was more variety, reasonably priced and full of surprises and localities too.", October 2017
11,3.0,Mostly for young ladies,"Lotte Young building is quite big but the stores are small.  It is the characteristics of the shopping malls in Korea.  Most of the stores sell clothing and accessories for young girls / ladies.  It depends on your age, some people may not find it interesting.", October 2017
12,4.0,"Nice mall, not very big, secondary to Lotte Department store",, December 2016
13,3.0,Just a Mall,Just a mall... not very big... free wifi... located at myeongdong shopping street.... you may visit if you have time or you can skip without regrets., April 2017
14,5.0,Great place for shopping ,"That's a great place for shopping, located across a street form Myeong-dong (shopping) street. There is also a quiet place on the top of the building to have some rest. It's like an open air park on the roof.", May 2017
15,1.0,Very Disappointed with Service,, April 2017
16,4.0,Lotte Young Plaza ,"Typical korean department stores but head all the way to 9F for the sky garden / skypark. Beautiful garden, breathtaking scenery. Perfect for shots and for couples.", April 2017
17,5.0,"Great fun, Food and SHOPPING!!",It's a great mall. You can find international as well as Korean Brand.. everything imaginable is within its walls. The price is according to the brand., March 2017
18,4.0,Big plaza,Located at myeongdong very strategic. Connected to lotte department store and many young people come to shopping or find some food., August 2016
19,3.0,More for youngsters and teens,I happened to be at Lotte Young Plaza Myeongdong because there was a bus stop just outside Lotte Young. Most shops target for youngsters and teens., February 2017
20,3.0,For younger customers...,I don't go to Lotte Young Plaza that often but I dropped by to visit the Line Store and Memebox to pick up gifts and cosmetics. This mall is geared towards the younger customers so you'll see a kpop store that sell merchandise for fans. The brands at this mall is trendy so you'll mostly find junior clothing. I do enjoy buying accessories there because it's cute and inexpensive. I visited Memebox for the first time and thankfully it was empty because I went there right when they opened. I was able to buy some cosmetics and got free gifts for spending a certain amount of money. Prices are not as cheap so shop here if you have a bigger budget. I didn't stay too long this time but it's a cute mall if you are looking for trendy fashion items., November 2016
21,5.0,Great packed mini mall,"It is like a mini version of dongdaemun shopping complex. They sell mainly women clothings, accessories and makeup. its interior is arranged in a very packed order with many different brands next to each other. Mostly are korean independent brands but they have universal brand like uniqloo too. Definitely not young kids friendly as the walkspaces are quite narrow and they have clothes hanged all over. You can find some newer cosmetic brands like april skin and moonshot here. They also have a quite big LINE store if you need any LINE souvenirs and are too lazy to cross to myeong dong. Ladies should come here to shop while their husband and kids are resting at the hotel or cafes nearby.", December 2016
22,4.0,Appealing to younger customers segment,"The mall is a sublime of Lotte Department Store, which the former is mall appealing to younger customers segment, Lines & Friends is sitting at the entrance, with younger brands of skincare, and lots of apparels and accessories featuring to youngsters are grouped in the 8-storey mall, and it has a bridge on 8th floor connecting Lotte Department Store. Quite a good idea to rejuvenate shopping mall business with target customer groups as young people, and attract lots of youngsters coming from online to offline reality.", December 2016
23,4.0,More trendy brands and clothing,"This mall is more aimed towards trendy brands and clothing for a younger crowd, in contrast to the high end brands of the Lotte Main mall that is next door. It's not anywhere as large as the main mall, but there are more affordable items.", November 2016
24,4.0,"Mall for Trendy Things, Pop Up Stores & Kpop Fans","This mall is just next to Lotte Mall located in the heart of Myeongdong street. During winter, it was decorate with colorful lights with Christmas theme, which is really beautiful & selfie worthy. There is a permanent SM store & also YG pop-up store which sells kpop merchandise for SM's and YG's artist groups. What I like the most is the LINE store located near to the main entrance, the LINE stuff are really cute tho! But now, you can just go to their cafe in Myeongdong. Besides that, there are a lot of Korean-based clothing/cosmetic selling here such as 3CE, April Skin, NII clothing etc. Their quality are top notch, not like something u see on the market/street.", October 2016
25,5.0,Teenage shopping center,, October 2016
26,3.0,"Narrow space shopping center for K-pop maniacs, Line friends, etc ","Opposite Myeongdong, this 5-or6-storeyed compact young, teenager shopping mall with basement link to Myeongdong underground shopping mall, is quite busy with young teens who craves for Kpop stars ' souvenirs, line friends' products and casual wears. It's quite narrow space, if you are not ""Gen Y"" , this is not your place, however, further go up to 7th-9th floor isLotte duty free shopping mall.", October 2016
27,5.0,Young & Chic,"A relatively young mall with a range of Korean Local online shops also have their boutiques on the 2/F, eg. Nanings 9, Pigment, cosmetics 3CE counter accessories, ... There's a Line Shop on the G/F, & Goong Cha on the 2/F. It was a nice to spend a quiet afternoon here.", September 2016
28,1.0,Staff seems not interested to serve customers ,"There are lots of variety of clothing available at Lotte young. Although it's pricy, you will be able to find unique clothing. However, the staff are not friendly and they don't seem to want to help you to get the size you want at all. They don't smile to you. That's not the kind of service that you will want to get for spending so much.", November 2015
29,3.0,Interesting pop up brands,"Many small little brand stores with unique shops however the pricing is quite expensive. Rarely seen anything on sale, pricing is comparable to Singapore/Malaysia or possibly more expensive for the more common brands. However lots of unique finds here. Just be prepared to spend a reasonable sum.", September 2016
30,4.0,A mall mainly cater to the younger people and everything is under one roof!,, September 2016
31,4.0,Unending shopping,Mall with numerous floors for shopping and trying out Korean cuisine.Great variety and choices under one roof., April 2016
32,4.0,My wife loved it,"As we were in the Lotte Young Plaza, I thought to myself, “Why did we travel to Korea if all my wife wants to do is to shop at the same stores she shops in at home in Beijing? I am not a shopper so I hated this place. However, I am married and my wife seemed to love it here. If I had to shop with my wife, and I do when I’m on vacation, this was a very clean plaza and it said Young Plaza but many elderly ladies were shopping here. I don’t necessarily think you need to be young to find clothes here. It wasn’t that horrible of an experience and the restrooms were very nice and clean. There is the Lotte Cinema right next door so guys if you hate shopping and want to kill 2 hours, you have a great way to kill some time.", February 2016
33,3.0,Shopping mall for young people,"I was there because of a stationary shop 1300 K. (Book K).  It was a bit disappointing because the shop was rather small and I walked all the way from Myeongdong Shopping Street to Lotte Young Plaza, takes around 10 to 15 mins walk.", January 2016
