,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Big mall with a lot of variety ,The mall is huge and you can buy almost anything you need. Parking is not difficult with payment deferred if you shop. The supermarket is also big and complete. Lines are not too long and there is a tax refund options if you bring your passport. You can spend the whole day here, January 2020
1,5.0,Among the best in the world of retail shopping ,"This department store has basically everything you need. From mid range to luxury fashion items. Various range of restaurants in the food court. But for now , clothes are mostly geared for winter. At the same period , most bases are covered. ", December 2019
2,5.0,Great for shopping,Very big department store for shopping. Many options of Korean brands & international brands. A lot of food selection and Korean deserts. Located at the heart of Myongdong area, December 2019
3,1.0,Extremely Poor Service,"Dear Store Manager,   I had a horrible experience at Dr Martens counter in Lotte Department Store, Main Branch.   On 1 Jan 2020 night, decided to head to Lotte to get a pair of Dr Martens. Travelled all the way there because I had pleasant experiences shopping there a few days", January 2020
4,4.0,Good place to shop for branded Goods,See many Tourist buying Cosmetic in bulk. Many bring along the big luggage with wheel. Was at the cosmetic level and it's clouded. Can see some sitting on the floor near toilet for rest and transfer shopped items into the luggage ready for next round of shopping. Some branded, December 2019
5,2.0,Not The Best Place for Korean Items,"If you’re looking for authentic Korean items, this is not the ideal place to shop. However, if your goal is to shop for high-end items that are available elsewhere for better prices, then you would enjoy shopping here. I was looking for Korean brands and unfortunately, not many", December 2019
6,1.0,Staff there is very rude!,I went at 12 F and looked for cosmetic product. The staff there dont even know english. And when i asked this one counter. Cannot remember what the shop name. But its near escalator. Maybe pop up store. She was playing with her phone. Then i asked few times and she refused to, November 2019
7,1.0,MAC counter has a rude staff,"Well, tonight I have very bad experience on MAC cosmetics counter in Lotte Department Store ever as a tourist in a quite luxury place with some other luxury brands inside together. The girl staff in cashier looked to inside my wallet 'twice', somebody in charge who see this", November 2019
8,5.0,Huge food hall; gorgeous store,"Every floor in this store is eye candy for a shopper. Every brand I’ve ever heard of and many I haven’t can been found here. I bought an adorable purse from a Japanese women’s golf clothing designer. They have a huge makeup and skincare department, and even a Lush Bath and Body", October 2019
9,4.0,Mall,You can find everything in this mall Mall that is close to Seoul Station. Very easy to get and also very large to shopping in., October 2019
10,5.0,Nice shopping,"We""ve spend 1.5 hours there.  A bit expensive, but very posh. Nice clean and a lot of brands there. Not many people. Parking in front with parking service. ", September 2019
11,4.0,Huge nall,"After visiting Lotte world, a visit to the department store just flow naturally. The mall is huge and as per instinct we drifted unto the basement and in search of food. Not disappointed as I am able to sample and buy some of the local delicacies. We also bought some food items", September 2019
12,4.0,Good mall to kill a few hours but be prepare to spend!!,"The mall is huge and will take a few hours at least to walk though every level and every wing.  Lots of international brands and boutiques charging prices that are more or less the same anywhere else in Asia, even if you factor in the tax rebate.    There are some floors", July 2019
13,4.0,Excellent food hall,"Of course the store sells all the items expected of any and all high-end retailers which one can find almost anywhere in the world -- but the basement food hall and grocery store is worth the trip. Yes, you can purchase ""street foods"" and sit in the dining hall to consumer, or", June 2019
14,5.0,Very nice mall,"I really liked this mall, particularly the basement area where the grocery, food court and bakeshops are located. The food available here are all so interesting and varied, from cakes, breads, kimchi, Korean side dishes, to hot dishes that can either be eaten on site or brought", May 2019
15,4.0,Lots of lots of shoppers,"Came here on Korea’s Memorial Day and there were many shoppers, mainly Mainland Chinese tourists. It is mainly the high end stuff, such as cosmetics and clothing they come for.", June 2019
16,4.0,Upscale; Wonderful Food Court,"This massive multi-floor department store stood across the street from my Seoul hotel, so I went over to check it out one day. It seemed to be a typical upscale store, similar to myriad others in the world, with many boutique shops and most prices on the high end. I noted many", November 2018
17,3.0,Upmarket ,It’s a nice upmarket store with some high end brands. It’s not so where to go looking for great shopping bargains. Quick visit to realize out of my price range, May 2019
18,4.0,Things seemed more overpriced than other places,I stayed at the lotte hotel right next to this main store. I felt the prices are a bit higher than other places. It is very convenient if you don’t like leaving the hotel and things. Overall it is very nice mall., January 2019
19,2.0,Mixed service levels,I am not how to start. I needed some travelling supplies while on vacation and went to one of the boutiques in the store to buy some. When the clerk realized I only wanted travel size products her English skills suddenly evaporated. I made my way to the luggage department hoping, January 2019
20,3.0,Not what I expected!,"Lotte Department Store.. THE MAIN STORE?? Yes it is big. Yes there are 3 /4 floors for duty- free( enroll first) But to me, I didn’t know the limitations till  I had a look see ! Other than the duty- free section( absolutely packed with tourists) , I would not be bothered ( cf", November 2018
21,3.0,Many brands here but bizarrely missing a toy section,Came here to see one of the major departmental store in Seoul.  One thing to note:. They close at 8.30 pm on weekends (8pm on weekdays).  Didn't notice this unusually early closure for a Korean business.    Anyway lots of brands (luxury) here as with major departmental stores, December 2018
22,5.0,Luxury items all in one place!,"Everything that you would want to buy under one roof. Easy access to public transportation and very convenient and easy to get to. They also have supermarket with food court available, for you to have coffee after your long shopping trip. Nearby are Avenue L and Myeongdong", November 2018
23,3.0,Large mall great food court ,"The mall itself was no biggie, just like any other big brand mall in Asia. Was pleasantly surprised with their foodcourt in the basement. Reminded me of those high standard ones in Tokyo. Getting to an elevator took a lot of patience..", October 2018
24,4.0,Everything is here,"The place is composed OF The whole Building. IT has everything you want to buy. Above floors are for shopping whole The basement is The supermarket and Food court. After shopping, prices are reasonable, we ate at The Food court at Panda express. There are a lot OF choices for", November 2018
25,5.0,Massive,Staying at the Lotte Hotel Seoul gave us the easy excess to this department store as it's just a walking distance down the escalator from the hotel lobby. It is so huge and down below the department stores are the supermarket and dining area. We manage to grab our lunch here at, October 2018
26,5.0,Shopping,"Many things to buy. Lots of brand. Nearby Lotte Mart like a supermaeket for buying some food, snack and beverage. Also, price is cheaper than other supermarket.", October 2018
27,4.0,Very crowded popular shopping mall with a few floors dedicated to duty free,"It was a weekday yet so very crowded! The mall is very big and has many floors. I recommend to check the directory for what each floor offers, so that you can better understand where to go. Otherwise you spend a lot of time navigating thru the crowds and floors. There are some", October 2018
28,3.0,Too crowded,"It is a huge shopping mall, be prepared by wearing a pair of comfortable shoe wears. We went during the weekend, despite the size it was still very crowded. I would advise do some reading and know at least a little of the mall map, or else you'll have to spend more of being", August 2018
29,5.0,Great store for shopping,"This one of the main department stores in Seoul.  It is comprehensive in that it has a large food court, clothing, beauty, travel and many other features. It was an easy walk here from my hotel Prince hotel.  Directly across the street is a large street market area in", July 2018
30,5.0,Big,It’s a very big shopping mall with also small booths around  Many restaurants of different food types starting from fast food to fresh Korean food and also the stores have quiet good sales and reasonably good price and also cinema   Nice Manal Oman, August 2018
31,5.0,Impressive shopping area with plenty of food!,"This Western department store is massive, with endless amounts of shopping! The food options are fabulous (but don't eat at Elbon on the 14th floor!!!). They offer substantial dining options downstairs, and nicer restaurants on the 13th and 14th floors (only accessible using the", July 2018
32,3.0,everuthing in 1 place,not the top mall in Seoul but you can find everything in 1 place from food to clothes. the surrounding area is great. , June 2018
33,4.0,All the brand names are here,"A large department store filled with tourists, we were here on a weekday And it is jam packed. Lots and lots of brand names and luxury goods items. We were a little disappointed that they didn't carry more Korean local designers . But there are a few floors dedicated to duty", June 2018
34,4.0,Typical large dept store,A large department store along the lines of its Japanese counterparts with lots of eager Chinese tourists in the luxury goods ( particularly cosmetics dept- well actually in much smaller numbers already due to recent strained ties between the two countries). Lots of brand name, June 2018
35,4.0,Cheaper to buy LINE friends stuff from the tax free ,"Every morning, there is a long line of Chinese tourists forming outside the building and they’re only let it when the department store opens. The tax free floors are between 9-12 while the rest of the building stays closed till their opening time of 1030am  There’s a LINE shop", May 2018
36,3.0,Feedback on the Food Departments!,"Just a feedback on the Food halls at Lotte Department Store at the basement. If you are looking to buy tidbits, snacks, seaweed, etc. To bring home, the choices here are rather limited and do compare prices if you are buying a lot. We bought our items here but was disappointed", May 2018
37,1.0,Not many choices,Items are highly priced. Shopkeepers are arrogant and not friendly. I feel that Koreans are arrogant in reel and real life. , May 2018
38,5.0,It has almost everything,"Amazing shopping center that seems to have anything that you wold need. It is really large so it can be quite hard to find specific items. We stopped by before heading off to get tteokbokki chips, among other things. They have empty boxes available  at the checkout for carrying", December 2017
39,5.0,Love it!,"We stayed at Crown Park Hotel which is across from this mall. It is huge dept store that sells duty free brand items. Global Blue tax free shopping onsite. It has many floors with clothes that are pricey.  I love the food court!!! lots of choices, appealing display of cookies,", April 2018
40,4.0,Lotte,"In Lotte Department Store you can find a lot of shops: Chanel, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Kakao friends, Line friends and more.  Mostly I liked basement floor. There are many foods and drinks. You should go to Ops! and Tea Museum.  W Lotte Department Store można znaleść wiele różnych", February 2018
41,4.0,A must see for all those who love department stores.,Wonderfully decorated and presented.  The most caring and beautiful people everywhere to help you.  I was amazed at attentive every clerk was to my questions and needs., October 2017
42,3.0,"Window shopping, nice interior, luxury mall, high end brands ",Lotte Department store is a luxury mall with high end brands inside of it. There's some food court on the basement. We visited this place just for window shopping and seeing its nice interior. , January 2018
43,3.0,Department store without other retail shops,"It's department store without any retailers' shop inside. I was looking for merrel shoes here, but it seems like in Korea shoes size 8 is too big for them. They said7.5 is the biggest, 8 is too difficult to sales, What!!! ", January 2018
44,3.0,Not Your Typical Department Store,First impression see the main floor with your standard beauty booths.  When we arrived the top floor; we decided to leave immediately.  The whole top floor was filled with Chinese tourist lined up to purchase their duty free expensive things.  The rest of the floors are pretty, December 2017
45,4.0,Good service from Lotte World Department Store,"I bought a shirts in the Lotte Department Sore at the men's floor on Dec 31 17, i told one of the sales lady that she is the first lady i met in Seoul with smile, but she told me she is not the Korean, she is a Chinese that got the working visa after graduate from University in", December 2017
46,4.0,Another department store,"Nice, worth a visit. Many tourist especially from mainland China.  Not all are cheap but not all are expensive. U have to know the price at other place before comparing. ", December 2017
47,4.0,Excellent Choice of Food down at the Basement,Was in Seoul for Christmas and stayed just next door at the Lotte Hotel Seoul with direct access to Lotte department store.  There are just so many varieties of food at the basement of this department store.  The one that we liked most was the Korea restaurant  somewhere at the, December 2017
48,4.0,large selection high prices - limited food options,"Large luxurious department store. Luxurious prices too!  Food halls in the basement are nice, elaborate and offer a wide selection of gourmet foods. If you're looking to have lunch, the choices are mainly Asian food. Not much in terms of diverse western cuisine. However, for", December 2017
49,5.0,It’s not necessary for shopping.,Lotte department store is a hub for all of the world class brands and also the korean ones. The basement have a huge gourmet stores and a grocery store. Also it have a huge cinema theater next to it , November 2017
50,5.0,An affordable & excellent Department store worth repeated visits.....,"Without fail, we always make it a point to visit Lotte Department stores in every visit. Whether in Seoul or other cities ( if available). The Lotte ambience is cosy, a great place to shop here.  In particular we love their nice & huge supermarket; with its interesting, wide,", November 2017
51,5.0,Amazing basement food hall.,"You must visit Lotte Department Store, the main branch.  If not for shopping but to visit the huge food court, food hall and supermarket.  The supermarket takes up one side, then there are hundreds of small food stands selling every food item imaginable.  Bakeries, wine shops", July 2017
52,4.0,Lotte has it all,"Duty Free, check!Variety of food in its foodcourt, check!Grocery shopping, check! High end and millenial shopping departments, check! No wonder a lot of tourists flock to this mall for great food and shopping that caters to young and mature customers alike. There is a good", November 2017
53,3.0,High end shopping mall,There is a food court with local food. Side dishes sold at the supermarket is quite reasonably priced but do note to be more firm with the sales assistant. They will attempt to purposely packed more for you and get you to commit to it.  Loads of food varieties to choose from and, November 2017
54,5.0,Luxury ....,There are several Lotte department stores. This in the Myeongdong seems to be the most luxuruous one. In the same building there seem to show the global brands. Tax free Trade seems to be worthwhile because there are some floors dedicated to it., October 2017
55,4.0,Lotte Review,Centrally located. Possible to find everything in many different shops. Especially food court in basement floor presents many tasty selections. Prices are above medium. Worth visiting., September 2017
56,4.0,Fantastic  Mall,"Lotte department store is one of the best shopping centre in Seoul.It  Interesting and there are many products.Also,It next to Lotte hotel.There are Taxi free in (9,10,11 and firsr floor).There are many good shops .In my opinion if you have kids you should come wonderful design", September 2017
57,4.0,3 department stores all connected,"Lotte department store, Lotte Young Plaza and Avenue are all interconnected so you can shop comfortably in air conditioned space. There are food halls and clean modern washrooms in all 3.", September 2017
58,5.0,Fantastic Standards & Service ,Really nice department store. Interesting product mix. Great visual merchandising and impressive standards., October 2016
59,2.0,Overcroweded and overrated,"Spent few days in Seoul for Business purposes and as it was next to the hotel went there in order to check out any eventual bar gains...  Was a quite disappointing experience as it was overcrowded, people pretty aggressive and when checking out the prices couldn't find anything", July 2017
60,4.0,Good shopping,"This is definitely a good place to go if you can afford such brands: most of the brands there are more on the high end side e.g. MCM, Gucci etc. There is a bargain basement (where most people were there) and also a great food court (I hanged around there for most of the time). I", December 2016
61,4.0,Nice Mall. ,"You can find a lot of high end brands here like Gucci, the bread section has an overwhelming display of different kinds of breads and they comes with a free taste which is a good thing. I enjoyed shopping in this mall. The grocery has a lot of fresh fruits to offer, clothing and", June 2017
62,3.0,Decent mall at shopping area.,Just another mall in seoul. locatated in the central and close to local shopping area. free wifi is the best park. many branded products at cheap price. so worth a visit if you are in that area., April 2017
63,4.0,Bargain Basement Not  Good Finds thou :P,It's connected thru the subway underground shopping place and once you enter the door ...you will be surrounded by crowds of people and bakery booths and food booths plus some local specialty booths that range from anything you could think of to be as a gift or for self, June 2017
64,4.0,Great place to shop,A departmental store selling a wide range of items in the heart of Myeongdong. Clean and organised. Don't forget to bring your passport to claim tax refunds!, June 2017
65,4.0,Hope it open earlier,"The mall won't open until 10:30 so it's not something for those who wake up early.  The mall also have 2 floors full of duty free counters, though I think it's possible to find these products cheaper even with tax, if you have time to shop around.  Overall a nice, would come", July 2017
66,5.0,Family Friendly,"The mall has got everything from apparels to household to food and groceries. In short, this mall is for the whole family of all ages.  The highlight is the baby room on level 7, not only was it fully equipped with the necessary (changing stations, hot and cold water dispenser,", June 2017
67,4.0,Attractive department store,There are many attractive shops here. I go to duty free shops whenever I come to Seoul. I saw some event in front of the store. It's so fun., June 2017
68,3.0,China Chinese Everywhere,This place is good if you are looking for Made in Korea F&B items. Here you can find a whole battalion of China Chinese buying and grabbing everything in sight., May 2017
69,4.0,"Beautiful, clean, organized facilities with lots of shopping options though pricey",I don't like to shop much but the Lotte department store is definitely a place to see if you are visiting Seoul. It is enormous with beautiful clean and organized facilities. There are all kinds of shopping options though it is pricey. It's also located within the complex of, May 2017
70,5.0,"位置方便, 應有盡有","最吸引是9/F,10/F 的duty free. 我選擇住在明洞都因為這個duty free! 拿著visa credit card 有9折, signature visa 有85折, 吸引到不得了!!!! 不過, 唯一就係早關門. 無法, 我們是瘋狂購物者, 一行就忘記時間. 放心, 我一定會再來, 等我!", May 2017
71,4.0,Lotte Department Store,"Nice place, conveniently located for us near our Lotte Hotel  Has just about something for everyone, including foodstuffs, and is a pleasure to shop at.", May 2017
72,5.0,Lotte,Similar to the Shinsegae. This store is pretty big with a lot of shopping options. Pretty good location too, April 2017
73,4.0,Great department store!,This in my opinion one of the best department stores Asia has to offer! When you come to shop be sure to bring your passport because you can get a percentage back for duty free. , April 2017
74,4.0,All sorts of items can be found. ,All items from head to toe and from all the age range can be found in this mall. And all designer things is here also. Its a one stop shop for everything. , April 2017
75,4.0,Expensive!! ,What a mall! Lots here for anyone to choose from and it surely is expensive with all the high end brand name clothing. No outlet prices in this mall. , April 2017
76,4.0,The Harrods of Seoul,"I had never heard of Lotte World, Mall, Department Store, etc. before our recent visit to Korea.  Upon walking inside, I was instantly reminded of Harrods in London.  It is a luxury department store of that scale with a huge food court in the basement.  We didn't buy anything,", April 2017
77,2.0,Very Subjective,"It's nothing but a multi-story Department Store with many International Designer Brands and an incredible number of cosmetics counters, comparable to Saks Fifth Avenue or Henri Bendel in New York or Harvey Nichols in London.  If I lived in Seoul or a tourist looking for tax-free", February 2017
78,5.0,The Store in Seoul,"This is the Store of Seoul.  This time, I have seen so many more pretty things from France than ever before, which more than a decade ago.  The duty free shop on top floors were replaced by visitors from China rather than Japanese tourist as before. Not much of a shopper these", December 2016
79,3.0,One of the big department stores in Seoul,Lotte Department Store Main is in Namdaemun which is easy accessible on foot from Myeongdong. Mature clients are their main target., February 2017
80,4.0,"Convenient, huge and inter-connected with Metro , Malls and hotel","We were there on Silent Night and Christmas Day, which was crowded with people, in particular on floors 7 or up for imported brands and tax refund service. There are almost every leading world brands of bags, cloths and accessories coming. Just coming out from Incheon Airport,", December 2016
81,4.0,"A lot of shops, excellent food court","In terms of budget shopping, this isn't somewhere you would necessarily go to, but I wouldn't say the things are completely expensive. The food court + supermarket was definitely a highlight.", October 2016
82,4.0,Excellent department store in Korea,"C1 ( 2016.12.12 )  This Lotte department store brand was number 1. in Korea. I didn't like Lotte, but it was certain that there was very good department store. There was always crowded and many stores located. Especially, there was very good place to shop to foreigner , but too", December 2016
83,3.0,Luxury and high-end brands,"Almost everything can be found here, however its not cheap. Easily accessible, can take a look around if you have the time.", August 2016
84,4.0,Worth visiting but very expensive,"Very well equipped department store but expensive. All European brands presented but at least double in prices. An exciting visit, nice Asian designs.", December 2016
85,4.0,Huge luxury shopping mall,"This is a huge luxury shopping mall with a lot of high end brands - think Burberry, Coach, etc. There is a small supermarket and a food court, as well as some restaurants. Since this mall is higher end, there didn't seem to be too many sales worth going for, even on Black", November 2016
86,1.0,Overpriced ,Crowded and overpriced is your first hit. Counterfeit and unhelpful staff are your next. I wouldn't recommend going., May 2016
87,4.0,Large department store - similar to department stores in Japan,"If you haven't been to large department stores in London and Tokyo, this is the one you can definitely go to experience the feeling of walking through a massive department store that not only sells clothes, but also groceries and food.  This flagship department store is similar", October 2016
88,4.0,Most popular with tourist...especially supermarket,"Good ambience with all the christmas decorations. Plenty of stuffs to see. But supermarket is quite small.  However, if you are looking for the top 10 snacks to buy, you can find it here", November 2016
89,4.0,"Big Lotte Department store in Seoul, South Korea","This is a big department store the way Bergdorf Goodman in New York, Harrod's in London, El Corte Ingles in Madrid, La Rinascente in Milan are. It has a lot of high street and high end luxury brands. Cosmetics on the first floor to draw customers in and clothes on the upper", October 2016
90,3.0,Crowded,Very crowded department store. Suffocated during my visit. Beauty products are offering at better price. It is a good place if you are planning to buy things in bulk., November 2016
91,1.0,Terrible and Irresponsible Staff,"So I bought a watch in this store and as I needed to obtain it in the airport, I handed my air ticket and passport for the shop assistant to arrange the pick-up time. The assistant wrongly inputted the date as 16/11 when it should have been 6/11. This mistake made me unable to", November 2016
92,3.0,Convenient,"This was our first family visit to Seoul with the in-laws, stayed at the Lotte Hotel World which is close to where family lives in Jamsil.  As an American, I prefer my South Coast Plaza/Nordstrom/Macy's, but this was convenient to have close by.  We were able to purchase a nice", October 2016
93,4.0,Brandname shopping place,"If you are looking to get some brandname goods, please visit here. Some staffs could not speak english but they are ready to help (i strongly suggest to get direction or location of particular shops from the interactive sign, as sometime they don't exactly know where it is and", October 2016
94,4.0,Everything in one place ,"I have been here on all my visits to Seoul.  Not only does it have Korean and luxury brands,  they also have a wing called ""Young World"" where they have youth oriented fashion and designers.  They even have a shop selling Line (Line Messenging app ) character goods.  The only", October 2016
95,4.0,Busy and well managed,"Bring your passport to get duty-free benefit. The Lotte department store is usually busy with tourists. The staff were friendly and helpful despite being overrun by so many people. Overall a nice mall. The food court is busy and good eats. Prices are good too, especially with", October 2016
96,4.0,Convenient and Duty Free,"There were a lot of fashion, watch, bags etc in the department store, prices were not cheap but lots with good quality. I managed to get some fashion that I liked, bought some stuff from the Lotte Mart, had yummy meals in a restaurant called Bowl in the department store, had a", August 2016
97,3.0,Lotte mart,"We only explored the lotte mart. If you want to buy korean supermarket things, this is the place. The market is crowded so it feels the market is small. You can also buy kimchi packs here.", September 2016
98,5.0,Lotte Seoul City Plaza,This is a very nice shopping mall. It is huge and the selection here is outstanding.  The food court is amazing as well., April 2016
99,5.0,4 Department Stores in One,"The Lotte department store comprises of three different buildings with 4 slightly different styles.  AvenueL, Lotte department store, Duty Free, and Young Plaza.  We found Young Plaza to be the best for us.  As, we consider ourselves younger.  It is also a bit more affordable. ", August 2016
100,3.0,Different service standard at Duty Free,The service downstairs at the 'normal' stores seems perfectly nice as one expects at this kind of high-end department store. However the customer service changes once you entered the upstairs duty free department. But it's probably due to the free market like atmosphere given by, July 2016
101,5.0,World-Class Department Store with Excellent Customer Service,"The Lotte Department Store is a classic, great department store, the kind that is now difficult to find in the US. It is many floors of high-quality merchandise. If you miss the great department stores which were once so common in the US but are now scarce, you will be in heaven", July 2016
102,5.0,A huge duty free stire,This is a huge store with most brands available. Often crowded on weekends. Ideal for those looking for branded and duty stuffs., July 2016
103,4.0,Big Department Store,"This shopping mall is located at Myeongdong, very accessible by train and a popular shopping place for tourist. There are many floors in the building just like any other shopping mall and it's duty free too.  We went to the basement floor where they sell food, fresh ones and", May 2016
104,4.0,Huge high-end shop,I went shopping with a collegue to buy clothes because her luggage did not arrive.  The store was huge with a wide variety of items.  I was surprised at how expensive clothing was.  For example a regular dress could be 300 or 400 US dollars.   The ground floor had a huge food, July 2016
105,4.0,Nice shopping complex,"It contains 3 blocks of building, linked with footbridges, suitable for different people from young shopper to luxury brands lovers.  You can find all you want here.  Not too crowded except the top few floors of Duty Free Shops, with all the chinese crowded buying different", July 2016
106,4.0,A nice shopping complex,"U must visit when you go to south korea, lotte Department store selling a lot of thing, especially the lotte mart, the fruit and vegetables are fresh, the bread is attractive and delicious. It is worth to go", July 2016
107,4.0,Lots of options but crowded in the weekends,"This huge shopping model is located in one of the shopping areas in Seoul, the Myongdong district.  It has a wide selection of stores, however it can be get quite crowded (at least in the weekends) hence if you need to use a fitting room you might have to expect to queue for a", June 2016
108,5.0,Hugh shopping Mall,"There are more than 10 floors of shopping with the Lotte Hotel in one of the wings.  The duty free shop is on the 10th Floor, Supermarket on the lower ground with food court. We took subway and exit at Euljiro 3 to get to this HUGE MALL after our visit to Nami Island", June 2016
109,5.0,A relax and good place ,"This place is awesome . Nice ,big, staff are friendly  . Clean  There three building there  There cinema  Prices  reasonable  Raining day still provide plastic holder for wet umbrella  Love this place  ", June 2016
110,5.0,Superb,"A great place for shopping or just hang around. Good touristy places too like the ""Stars avenue"". Located right in the heart of Myeongdong shopping district. 10-15 minutes walk from the metro station.", August 2015
111,5.0,World class service!!!,"My wife and I went to B1 to buy Korean seaweed, cabbage and radish kimchi and other assorted Korean groceries to bring it back to Singapore. We bought so much that we felt that we needed to put them all into a cardboard box. One lady staffing the seaweed section really went out", June 2016
112,5.0,Don't miss it - Definitely worth a visit,"This is one of the most famous (or at least most advertised) department stores in Seoul, and hence, from the time it opens till the time it's closed, there are huge crowds all over the place.  It is still possible to navigate through, but be prepared for a very busy area.  Use", May 2016
113,1.0,No After Service !!!????,"I bought a ELLE 양산 from Lotte department store Bucheon branch last year, and used it for several times last summer .  Because of its quality problem(a screw was off), I  brought back to Lotte Bucheon store to repair it.  However, there is no more ELLE .  The ELLE counter left", June 2016
114,4.0,Good shopping mall,"Is good shopping mall with five floor for family clothes, accessories,shoos   The price its far with quality products and design  ", May 2016
115,5.0,"Groceries, clothing? It has everything","Bought some local snacks, Happy Call cooking pan cause its wayyyy cheaper than backhome! No plastic bags for free, but boxes are provided! fun shopping experience!", September 2015
116,3.0,way too crowded,Massive mall with ten levels of shopping but way too crowded even during off peak hours on weekdays. There were big groups crowding around the more popular cosmetic counters like Sulwhasoo. The food court was really packed and the prices were on the high side as well. It really, April 2016
117,2.0,Shopping,"The place is crowded with China tourist. No toys section for children. The food section was very crowded. Could not enjoy. We went to MCM store, the shop assistants were rude. Wont be come here for 2nd time ", May 2016
118,4.0,"For all shopping needs, and food!","Right next to our hotel (Lotte Hotel)- next to Euljiro(1)-Ga station. This is a huge 10 storyed mall with the top 3 floors dedicated to duty free goods. Other floors have everything that you want to buy when in Seoul, but the food and bakery section in the basement is to die for!", April 2016
119,4.0,Duty Free Heaven!,"10th floor on ward is Duty Free! Bring your passport if you want to shop here!  At here, only need to show your passport and they will do everything in order for you to shop for duty free product.  Must visit the concierge first in advance to know all sort of promotion for all", May 2015
120,4.0,High class mall with good food,Two large buildings connected with many shopping choices and a very well kept food court with many choices in food. Food is a bit more expensive here but you're paying for quality food with excellent service. There are also a lot of different stores for shopping including a, April 2016
121,4.0,Love the Duty Free department ,"Always is a ""MUST"" for me visiting the Lotte Duty free products for foreigners while visiting Korea . Is easy to walk from Dongdaemun or Myeongdong . That's few floors for foreigners to shop for branded goods , foodies and skincare that we may pay but collect at airport  ,  we", December 2015
122,2.0,More expensive than lotte mart,Very crowded with tourist you can't even get basket to shop. It was luxurious compared to lotte mart and lotte outlet but the price were also more expensive that it was ridiculous. We went there to buy snack for gift and compared the price to lotte mart in seoul station. Our, April 2016
123,5.0,Crazy Shopping paradise,It is so convenient to buy all those famous brand over there and all the items are tax- free already. You can't leave until your pocket become empty!, February 2016
124,5.0,Massive! ,They Have many lotte malls and shops where I live in Jakarta.  It was refreshing to see them in south Korea too where they are booming. They also have lotte world here and lotte hotels! The world is going lotte mad! Pay a visit just to say you've been and experienced it!, March 2016
125,3.0,Still the same two years on,"We last visited here around two years ago and this is still a typical mega mall with branded apparel, bags, cosmetics and a duty free on the upper floor.  Do note that some items in the duty free are much higher than what you can get for them in other stores like Shisegae, so", March 2016
126,4.0,Great food court,"This review is only about the food court level at Lotte Main.  It's an excellent place for eating and shopping for food items to take out, with the exception of wine and liquor (very limited selection, especially of liquor).  There are several casual restaurant style places", March 2016
127,4.0,Nice Shopping Avenue,"If you willing to buy a lot of stuff, you should go to the lotte duty free. Most of the brands are high end and still expensive (for the luxury bags), but if you want to get korean beauty products in low price, it's the best place even if they don't have all of the brand in it", February 2016
128,2.0,As crowded as night market ,"Yeah, this place is super super crowded, particular at the Duty Free shops at 9th and 10th floor. It feels like you are at a fish market or something, except that you are shopping for luxury brands and cosmetics. And don't be surprised, most people there are Chinese and even the", February 2016
129,2.0,complicated mall-THE GOOD AND NEED TO IMPROVE,"THE GOOD  This mall have the american brand and branded ones. If you want to buy the expensive brand this is the right place for you. YOu can have your Tax refund here.  THE TO IMPROVE  This mall is very complicated when you are transferring to another, you can get lost. It", February 2016
130,3.0,Congested stores and not great specials,"While the Lotte Department store is huge, it’s still just a mall with overpriced goods. If you like shopping with a tremendous crowd and pushy customers then be my guest and shop at Lotte Main Department store. There were some sale items but most stores appeared to have", February 2016
131,4.0,High end shopping mall,"Lots of expensive brands names here and some duty free shopping. The B1 food hall and supermarket was the standout, has one of the best sushi trains I have eaten at in a long time.", December 2015
132,5.0,Great mall,I would recommend start the visit at main building from Bottom food court and super market for best experience., December 2015
133,4.0,Paradise for shoppers,"Really a paradise, especially the duty free with special amazing prices. I wish they have more brands and clothes at duty free. But it is too crowded and payment is separated at each store so it takes a lot of time in queue waiting to check out at each store.", October 2015
134,5.0,Shocked With The People Flow,"Despite being pre-warned by my friend to either go early or before closing time, I was totally shocked with the people flow in the duty free section of the department store located at 10-11 floor.  This is particularly true to the cosmetic and/or skin care section,  Here, they", December 2015
135,5.0,The go to department store for shopping and duty free,"I've been to Lotte dep store last year and this November when visiting Seoul. The dep store has everything, if you're looking for one place to do your shopping- this is the place.   When visiting in the end of November the department store had beautiful christmas decorations-", November 2015
136,4.0,Top notch department store in Myeongdong District,"In the heart of the Myeongdong district, shoppers will find the Lotte Department Store. This is the flagship for the Korean based chain and it is huge, providing many hours worth of retail shopping opportunities for those who haven't had enough from shopping the streets of", November 2015
137,4.0,Checkout slow,"If you come here for the regular dept store vs duty free (on floors 9-11), be prepared for large crowds and line ups at check out All the mandarin speaking customers flock here and go crazy buying.  It's enough to drive yourself crazy.   I hate crowds and don't recommend coming", November 2015
138,5.0,Amazing store,"Incredibly large store with every designer offered. LOVED the food court for a quick bite, as I stayed at the Lotte Hotel.", October 2015
139,4.0,I don't like shopping...,Just following my wife around the mall for hours.  Lots of nice wares.  Lots of good restaurants and excellent food court.  But a mall is a mall for me.  I did get fed and watered so - all in all - no complaints.  , July 2015
140,3.0,Nice high end mall with few negatives,"Next door to Lotte hotel which I stayed for 4 nights.  Pros:  big, clean, nice mall Attentive sales people  Big cosmetic area  Cons: Very rude Chinese lady at the currency exchange. No hi, thank you, how can I help you? She acted like she was doing me a favor and didn't like her", September 2015
141,4.0,Overwhelming size and sky high prices,This is not for the faint of heart. The size is amazing and you'll find lots of HIGH END merchandise here. It's in the heart of Seoul in Myongong. 7 levels of shopping in the main store and multiple side areas. But the prices are very high end.  TIP: you can get here very easily, August 2015
142,5.0,The biggest Mall chain,"My first visit to lotte mall is at the olympic park area including lotte theme park, and the second one is lotte mall at Myongdong Area. The Mall is huge really huge with a lot of visitor. They area in the main location of Myongdong shopping area, including lotte hotel and korea", May 2015
143,2.0,Because of,"I didnt like it and i didnt waste my time in that place not because it was not good, but because the prices in my country are cheaper than the prices here. It is well organized and has lots of choices", August 2015
144,3.0,Biggest store in Seoul for all taste,The Lotte Department Store main branch is prominently located in the hotspot and busy shopping district of Myeongdong. It is the largest department store in Korea offering high-end shopping to Koreans as well as visitors. It is directly connected to Lotte Hotel Seoul and is 5, June 2015
145,4.0,The best mall we've gone to in Seoul,"We only stayed in the capital for 4 days, and this was the nicest mall we were able to visit. Not big enough for me, but maybe I am just used to the large malls we have in Manila. Was able to eat a salad at the food court. Supermarket was disappointing though. Not enough seaweed", October 2014
146,4.0,High end shopping,"We were a bit let down by shopping opportunities in Seoul, we thought it would be more like Tokyo and it isn't, so when we found Myengdong area and it's shopping opportunities we were happier :) Lotte department store was mostly out of our budget as it sells mainly higher end", October 2014
147,2.0,Lotte Mall,We were disappointed with the selection of stores. We got the impression that Seoul would emphasise it's fashion outlets but there was little in the way of decent clothing. The entire mall contained sportswear shops and restaurants. Though there is an aquarium and cinema., April 2015
148,4.0,Lots to love,"The Lotte Duty free is great for me because many of the luxury items that I love are not popular with Chinese tourists or Koreans. This means that luxury items that might be full price in New York are being offered at a discount in Korea.  I've purchased designer frames, bags,", June 2015
149,4.0,Duty Free Shopping and massive food court,"All major cosmetic, luxury goods and electronics are sold here at the Duty Free Mall. You can even shop online and have the goods delivery to airport for pick up, skipping the hassle of queuing!  On the basement lvl is the grocery mart and food court. Worth your time to explore", May 2015
150,4.0,Plenty to see here,There is certainly a lot on offer here. the best part for me was the food court in the basement. Worth a look., March 2015
151,4.0,Koreans set the standard of luxury very well,"I'm American, and I frequent places like 5th Ave in NYC, Michigan Ave in Chicago, and Rodeo Drive - luxury, right?  No.  Lotte mall is ridiculous.  How you have all the luxury brands all on top of each other in one building is insane.  Who buys all this stuff?  Apparently, lots", November 2014
152,2.0,Good Shopping but a Stifling Atmosphere!,"Make no mistake, the Lotte Dept. Store in Central Seoul near Euljiro 1-ga offers world-class merchandise. You will be completely overwhelmed by the breadth and quality of what you can buy at Lotte, whether it may be high fashion, food, or practically anything else.  That said,", December 2014
153,1.0,Department store with style but no Mastercard accepted?,"Great and stylish and huge department store! However when trying to pay with MasterCard , my understanding was (told by a salesgirl with lousy English skills) that MasterCard is not accepted in Lotte. Then another girl on interpreter desk ( yes that was really the name...) told", December 2014
154,3.0,Luxury goods for sale,This place offers a great variety of luxury goods. All clothing brands can be found here. They have a great food court and you can spend a whole day shopping here., December 2014
155,4.0,Cosmetic on top floor - lowest price,"Cosmetic on top floor - some how the price is lower than shops in Myendong street. Sometimes, can get additional 10% off during sales or credit card promotion like using Visa card. Love the supermarket on the Basement floor. All the instant noodles, pork meat in can and Korean", November 2014
156,4.0,"Great choose, great shooping!","If you think whatever to buy, in this department store there is it! Fantastic to find everything you want! Absoluted recommended! Sometimes the prices are not very cheap.", October 2014
157,4.0,Great Shopping,"Lotte department store has many brands for men, women, kids, sports, casual, house needs, cosmetics, and many others, it took over 2 hours of walking just to explore the place and do very little shopping, it is very busy and crowded. Once you are there I would recommend that you", October 2014
158,3.0,Not well designed,"I have to say that the entire Lotte World is not well designed.  Maybe because I am a foreigner, I am used to things being designed for the masses, where everything that can go wrong, will go wrong, so you try to make things idiot proof for the first time visitor.  Like, this", July 2014
159,3.0,For duty free,"For duty free items, just proceed to level 9 , 10, 11. Be prepared to have your passport, flight details with you as items are send to the airport to be collected after you cleared customs. for the rest of the levels, shopping is as usual.", March 2014
160,1.0,beware 2h exchange policy for manufacturing defects!,i bought a pair of ray ban sunglasses from the lotte department store in myeongdong. i assumed it was in perfect condition since it was a brand new pair and was KRW 240000 (and you'd assume for it to be of a certain quality). i started using it only a few days after it was, June 2014
161,5.0,Lotte department is a great shopping mall,"Lotte department full of varies food , I relly like there cookies , example: lotte chocolate pie and mints.", July 2013
162,4.0,It is very good place,I have been to Myeongdong when I saw this department store  It is very cheap than TAIWAN  SHOOPING  there is very happy, July 2013
163,3.0,Nothing special,"Yes, it is huge. Yes, it is in the middle of the city centre. And yes, there's lots of choice. But no, Lotte Department Store is not unique. Even in Seoul itself larger department stores can be found. For example, ""i-Park"" at Yongsan Station is much bigger and has a more diverse", May 2014
164,3.0,Everything under one roof,"This departmental store is located in the same complex as Lotte Hotel, and has everything that you would expect of a mega store, from branded clothes to electronics, and also includes the Lotte duty free shop as well.  There are multiple restaurant options on the higher floors.", April 2014
165,4.0,Shoppers paradise,"It's truly a shoppers paradise. 14 floors of shopping. All the best brands in cosmetics, jewellery, clothes and some electronics, all under one roof. Basement two floors has food court and groceries. It has a excellent duty free shop in the 9th to 11th floor. It's flooded with", February 2014
166,4.0,All-In-One Departmental Store,"Lotte Departmental Store at Myeongdong is a must visit for any shoppers to Seoul. It sells everything and caters to foreign visitors with large selection of duty-free merchandises. Not surprisingly, the store is filled with tourist shoppers. Interestingly, if you purchase any", December 2013
167,4.0,Food and Shopping Paradise in Myeongdong Seoul,The Duty Free Shops from 9F to 11F. So many people（mainly Chinese Travel Groups) in 9F(Cosmetic products). 10F & 11F for luxury brands. Most of staff can speak some Chinese. Customer place the orders there and pick up the products via the windows of LOTTE at the airports, December 2013
168,4.0,"So much to see, so little time",Spent hours just in the basement and looking at the foods. Definitely need to allocate more hours if you plan to look around till you are content., December 2013
169,4.0,one of the place you must not missed,"well, beside floor 9-11th on free tax store, which I dont really interested in . Beside, too many tourist crowded floor and the customer services are not that polite compare to other stores / floor. You should however, pay a visit to their basement on the food court area. Very", October 2013
170,4.0,You can test all the local food under one roof,"they have a huge food center. the price is bit higher than the street price but for traveler which worry about hygiene, this is a great place. you can taste almost all the local food here. we love this place.   for others stuffs, you can spend half a day just to walk see all the", October 2013
171,5.0,Huge place!,"Go to the Duty Free Store if you are a foreigner. Prices are much cheaper there. You do not need to worry if you are buying international brands since the collection area is at the airport. However, if you are buying Korean brand stuffs, you can carry your items on the spot.", September 2013
172,4.0,fall in love with lotte food court,"all things mostly very expensive, more expensive if you compared from my city (Jakarta), but i fall in love with the food court down on the bottom floor. lots of food vierity there, asian and western all are availble. price might be costly but if you feel the taste and quantity", September 2013
173,4.0,"Fancy, expensive, but worth a gander","I don't usually rate department stores because I'm not a big shopper. I did enjoy walking around this one though and having a meal on the bottom floor. Like other reviews mentioned, it's a lot of the same brands you'd find in a large western mall. Nice to look at, but not so", August 2013
174,5.0,Incredible,"If you ever been to Harrods, or KDW in Berlin, etc. Lotte is a great example of one stop shopping with top notch luxury to boot.  What makes Lotte even more incredible is the food hall in the basement level. I recommend coming here first, before you go and book any restaurants", July 2013
175,5.0,"Yes, another food court review!  But what a food court!!!","I have noticed that the food court at Lotte department store in Myeongdong has had a few mentions here.  Well, you do have to experience it to know why.  Almost the entire basement of this high class department store has been dedicated to food.  There is a grocery section, stall", June 2013
176,4.0,Go for the Food!,"This is your regular department store with all the American brands.  What we liked most was the Food Court.  A must go for at least one meal.  You can buy your food from anyone of the take out shops and eat in their lounge.  That means, if you are traveling with people that have", May 2013
177,5.0,food court for Foodlovers,"I like to visit food courts,all over the world in department stores.I think that they offer great opportunities to discover food cultures.Lotte Food departmant was amazing.We took tasty foods from food section.There was a comfortable sitting area inside.I mostly like baked", April 2013
178,2.0,Duty free -sneaky,"I purchased a purse from the lotte duty free store had to wait till I got to the airport to pick up my purchase. Let's just say the boxed item they showed me at the store, the purse was in great form!  The tissue was wrapped around the zipper pull, the protective bag was in the", March 2013
179,4.0,Large Department Store,"Typically large Deaprtment store, Top floor is a typically food area with lots of chopice. it also has a floor with Duty Free goods. Korea airport is cheaper. ", December 2012
180,3.0,Crowded with tourist,good place to buy cosmetics or skincare without going onto the streets of myeongdong and escape the cold...but there are limited products that you can buy from each brand so i would still recommend you to take a stroll down myeongdong streets (Opposite Lotte young plaza), December 2012
181,4.0,Large Crowded but generally very good,"Anything you want, from the budget items to the highest level (they even had a section of Gucci for Kids), with a large variety of everything...   It was especially crowded on the sale floor, so best avoid that unless you really want something from there.  Good variety of", June 2012
182,5.0,Dont miss the food court in basement!,"This is a luxury department store in the center of Seoul downtown, but what we found to be most impressive and very special is the food court in the basement of the department store. You do not want to miss this experience! It was one of our best dining experiences in Seoul.", October 2012
183,4.0,"beside lotte hotel.  12 floors of shopping, but everything is branded.   the fast food area at the basement is a must.","sometimes, i prefer to go out to myeongdong and see the stuff they have to offer.  I bought Sulwhasoo, moisturizer, that is only available in the big malls.  My korean friend recommended it and i found very good reviews online.  ", September 2012
184,4.0,Place to shop for brand name,"As it was just opposite our hotel, we were very lucky. We were delighted as there were many levels of international and korean designers. We find the korean design very nice.  As they were selling Winter wear rather than summer outfit, we do not find them suitable for our", August 2012
185,2.0,Supermarket at the basement,Was there on my last day to buy some side dishes back to Singapore .Alot of small counter sell the same things but all price are written in korean.We askhow much is the side dishes and ALL the aunties point to the most expensive price tag stated above the food .They let you try, May 2012
186,5.0,Lotte = Best shopping in Seoul,"Lotte dept store, lotte young store, and the surrounding neighborhood felt like Seoul does Tokyo. Best place for shopping in the city, and great people watching at night time.", May 2012
187,2.0,Overpriced goods,"We were quite surprised with the range of goods on offer, everything is overpriced, and it was overcrowded not a nice shopping experience at all.  It was a nice looking department store, but if you have the opportunity to shop elsewhere on holidays like Europe, UK, Australia,", April 2012
