,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Average,"Having been to a number of more interesting aquariums in Asia, this one is not particularly interesting. Unless someone in the gang craves for it, can pass.", January 2020
1,5.0,A nice Aquarium visit,We bought the package of the aquarium tickets together with the admission to Lotte World. We decided to visit the aquarium first as they do not allow rentry at the Lotte World. The aquarium was located at the other side of the Lotte mall. The aquarium was new and well space out, December 2019
2,4.0,Good pleasant visit!,"It was nice to come see the beautiful fish and aquarium. It was pretty!! The inside is big, bigger than Busan aquarium. You can see many different types of fish and animals here. You can just walk through and look at the colorful species. I think I spend around 2 hours inside. Beautiful designs to take pictures, and have a good time with friends or family.", May 2019
3,4.0,Go to the aquarium if you visit Gangnam,"If you are going to the Gangnam area any way, apart from visiting the shopping mall, you may wish to reserve time for this aquarium.  It is not a very big one and the advantage is that it is actually inside the Coex Mall and is wholly indoor.  Though it is compact variety of fish is good.  You can see shark, turtles, penguins, and many more.  You can spend two hours there, and worth going even if you have one hour and are thinking what to do.  Kids will enjoy.", October 2019
4,5.0,A Brilliant aquarium,This is very modern. It is inside the Lotteworld Mall.The aquarium is massive.There are lots of species.You can walk through clear observation tunnels and see fish and Baluga whales swimming around you.If you love sealife you will love it., August 2019
5,4.0,Whales,Very beautiful and you can tell they work very hard on maintenance. One of the nicer aquariums. Beluga whales. Unfortunately I will not go back probably. Very sad. Small tanks., August 2019
6,4.0,Great place to visit - Good for all ages,"Located in Lotte World Mall, it's a popular spot for tourists and locals alike. I'd advise going early for a visit as when the crowd's build-up, the experience can be a little harrowing (jostling for space to view the exhibits). Good educational fun for all ages and it's wheelchair and stroller friendly.", August 2019
7,3.0,Expensive. Crowded and noisy.,, August 2019
8,4.0,Not a bad choice to visit here!,, May 2019
9,4.0,Great photo op!,, May 2019
10,3.0,"Good for kids, go early or late to skip the crowds","A really big aquarium in a great central location, Lotte Tower. Unfortunately it did become very crowded with lots of children and impatient parents pushing through with prams.", April 2019
11,4.0,"31,000 krw/ticket worth spent",, April 2019
12,5.0,Fantastic aquarium,, February 2019
13,3.0,Nice ,, December 2018
14,4.0,Beluga and Axolotl,, December 2018
15,5.0,Amazing Aquarium! Well worth the visit.,"What an amazing aquarium. The tanks are so clean you can't even tell there is glass. Great exhibits. Beluga whales, penguins, octopus that was full on display, sea lions, and otters. Plus so many fish. Lots of underwater tunnels. Best aquarium I've ever been too!", November 2018
16,5.0,More than we expected,Prepare to be impressed. Much bigger than we thought. The Beluga Whales are a sight to behold. Ready for plenty of pictures and videos., November 2018
17,5.0,Lotte world Aquarium,"The fishes in the ocean now you can see in there tunnel. Stingrays, all big fishes, dolphins, penguins and B..... Forgot the name of the big white fish. A must see attraction.", November 2018
18,4.0,Amuzed by this aquarium!,"Love the experience with the beluga and all other featured species in this aquarium. Also the glass are so clear, it looks as if you are already touching the fish in the aquarium. We just didn't catch any shows here since we first went to Lotte world (amuzement park), and re-entry was not allowed so we had to check out what's there before coming in the aquarium.", October 2018
19,5.0,A good time ,"They had several different types of interesting sea animals to see. It is not a huge aquarium like in the states, but for here, I was impressed. They do offer a military discount at the counter. I went around the holidays so it was busier. I would go to lotte world if I had to choose, just because it is bigger. That reference is for the budget people, since both activities are close in price. About $30.", December 2017
20,5.0,Amazing Aquarium,"Situated just at the city of seoul. After enjoying lotte world we went to Lotte aquarium. We were not expecting too much as we already been to many Ocean parks but to our suprise. They have 2 “Beluga Whale” yes a whale! aside from sharks, rays, big fishes, seals, sea turtles and penguins. So amazing. it was not a huge as ocean parks but what you can find inside will definitely satisfy you.", September 2018
21,5.0,Loved it!,"I’ve been to a few other aquariums so I really considered carefully whether it was worth while going for this, especially on a national holiday when it was jam packed with people. I TOTALLY enjoyed myself and would say this is in fact the highlight of my entire Korea visit. I was there primarily to see the Beluga and it certainly didn’t disappoint. The Beluga seems trained to swim near to the side of the tank so it was really easy to take pictures/videos of them. Besides, I also enjoyed looking at the collection of strange frogs and extra large river fish, which I haven’t come across in other aquariums so far. Somehow I felt that the enclosures were really well built and gives you a feeling that the fishes are really near you, it is really quite different in a great way.", August 2018
22,2.0,Average place ,"If you went to Singapore or US, this aquarium will be too small for you and a big disappointment. It is small and pricy. If you want to kill time with children and are very wealthy,  please consider this place as an option.", August 2018
23,4.0,Love the Beluga Whale,"We visited the aquarium 2 hours before closure and its the best time to visit. There were not many people and we get to enjoy the aquarium to ourselves. The Beluga whale seemed to be camera ready. They did know when to move in to take photos! However, I found the tank too small for 2 whales. Nevertheless, it was still a nice aquarium. The seals were very entertaining too.", June 2018
24,4.0,Nice Aquarium,What I enjoyed the most in the aquarium was the beluga! It was my only close encounter with belugas and their size are just massive! The entire aquarium was very clean. There were lots of varieties of fish to see. The jellyfish section was closed though... not sure if it costs extra or just really closed on the day I visted. I appreciated that the aquariums were huge and can be seen at various angles like tunnels or different sides of the tanks. I just feel bad that all were enclosed... I do hope that the animals have an open environment somehow where they can take a break and not look so enclosed (especially for the sea creatures)., June 2018
25,5.0,One of the best aquariums in the last 3 years,I was pleasantly surprised to find that this aquarium offered so many different species! It is really well put together and the staff was very friendly., June 2018
26,4.0,Enjoyable visit,, June 2018
27,5.0,Really great tunnels ,Somehow the quality of the glass tunnel was superb. So clear that it really felt like you were in the water with the fishes. This quality may not be found in other aquariums., June 2018
28,4.0,Educational aquarium ,, April 2018
29,4.0,During a visit to the area,This was a small aquarium suitable for children. I would recommend it though. The price is okay. There were lots of families with small children there. There is a snack bar and a store to purchase souvenirs also., March 2018
30,4.0,A Great Aquarium!,"Many people have said to skip this aquarium and that there are many better aquariums around. So why do I recommend it? For me personally it was a great experience. It was cool to finally get to see a Beluga, and Lotte Tower Aquarium is in a very easy to access location. However, it can be very crowded so be careful when you visit.", January 2018
31,5.0,Beautiful,It was so nice and beautiful to see the variety of sea life.  I most enjoyed the Beluga exhibition and the feeding of the fish with bottles.  Try to avoid times when there are field trips by elementary groups because it can be quite loud and the groups overtake each viewing area., March 2018
32,5.0,Lovely fish,Ive never been to aquarium like Lotte World Aquarium before. Its size is awesome and there are various fish and whales. I was very excited at that time like a child. The happiest thing was that I got discount like 20% off! I thought the admission fee is a bit expensive to me cause Im a student. I remember the original price is 31000 korean money but I paid just 24800 korean money thanks to Visit Korea Mastercard. I could enjoy the experience with discount admission fee., March 2018
33,4.0,Love the seals there,"Prefer the coex aquarium to this, since it felt as though the former was larger. However, among all stations in both aquariums, I am in love with lotte world aquarium's seals station the most, especially when the seals splashed water out of their tank. Apart from its size, there wasn't nothing else that I could think of to pick on - the staff were consistently wearing a smile, the place was really clean, the ambiance was good..", November 2017
34,5.0,Great experience ,"All the family members enjoyed the place, variety of sea and river creatures, with nice activities for the kids like feeding the fish, touching the sea stars and nice souvenirs shop at the end.", September 2017
35,5.0,Enjoyable,We went with our toddler and thoroughly enjoyed it. Very kids friendly with a great diversity of species. Highly recommended., October 2017
36,5.0,Very nice aquarium,"At the first, I thought the aquarium was a bit boring as the entrance is all about tropical fishes (that I got in my own aquarium!). But then, the visit starts being very interesting with a beluga, an ocean section, some unusual fishes and the massive aquarium display. I also recommend the cafe near it. I had probably the most relaxing coffee ever watching these massive fishes dancing in the big aquarium. Nice setting and excellent coffee too!", September 2017
37,4.0,Decent aquarium,, August 2017
38,5.0,Amazing Aquarium,"This was quite a surprise! The aquarium has a lot to see and huge tanks full of beautiful fish and mammals! The tanks are very clean and clear for viewing. I spent a little over an hour touring on a busy Saturday and it was well worth the cost, which is cheap compared to most aquariums.", August 2017
39,4.0,Nice place to visit,"It is really worth to go this aquarium. They have so many unique fish that you never see it before. I saw sea turtle and the best part, they have Beluga whale and they are so active and cute...", August 2017
40,5.0,Loved it!,"I have been to the Busan Aquarium, the COEX Aquarium and now the Lotte World Aquarium on this trip. This one is hands down the best. It is very new so everything is still shiny and new, but 2 things really set this one apart for me, the harbour seals and the beluga whales, absolutely amazing! If you are only going to hit one aquarium in Korea, this is the one to hit!", August 2017
41,4.0,Combo ticket with Lotte World,"We got discounted combo tickets for both Lotte World and the Lotte Aquarium so we went here after we were done with Lotte World.  It was a nice, clean, and cool place to go if you want to escape the summer heat and outside rain.  The tanks were all kept clean and strategically spaced out so it's not too crowded with people.  Our favorite areas were the beluga whales, the sea otter, and the short walkthrough with the overhead aquarium.  The kids enjoyed it, and it was a good size so that it's not overwhelming for them.", July 2017
42,5.0,Not bad for the size,"As foreigners you get a discount to this aquarium, it is busy with family's but you will get to see everything penguins, seals, stingrays, it is well layed out just fallow the arrows on the floor, there is a cafés inside so you can get drinks and food, to see everything it will take a little over an hour for a solo person little longer for families.", June 2017
43,4.0,"Colorful, beautifully maintained aquarium","This is a great place for visitors of all ages to spend a couple of hours on a rainy day observing marine life. The displays are beautifully clean and well-maintained by the staff. It can be quite crowded, but generally advance tickets are not needed. Crowd control is done pretty effectively by the staff. Our favorite habitats were the beluga whale's and sea lions' areas.", January 2017
44,5.0,Worth it!,"I love it! It's located inside a huge shopping mall and the aquarium didn't disappoint! There were cute seals swimming in their big aquarium and the beluga whale - my personal favourite - there were 2 of them and they were playing with their toys and seem happy. It's a must visit, great to cool off too. haha", April 2017
45,4.0,Cool!,"Visited last year December 2016  and the aquarium is located inside the enormous Lotte World shopping complex. Looks like it's still quite new. Some of the exhibits are not opened yet during our visit. I paid about 59,000 won for 3 pax if I didn't remember wrongly (1 adult, 1 youth and 1 kid below 6). There are a lot to see and I would recommend to anyone who love marine life and families with kids. I find that it is small compared to COEX Aquarium. We took about 90 minutes to cover the whole place but we didn't manage to catch any shows as it was late afternoon by the time we reached the place.", December 2016
46,5.0,You wouldn't regret it!,"It's something you wouldn't expect from a shopping mall. As you go further in, you'll discover a whole new world. There were four adults and five children in our group, and all of us enjoyed our trip there. The huge tank and the varieties of species, there's lots to see and fun things to explore. It's definitely worth a visit!", February 2016
47,5.0,Very worth to go,"This aquarium is huge and nice. If you're planning to go to Lotte World, be sure to keep your ticket because there's a discount for your entrance fee to this aquarium. The water system was so good that it's water is crystal clear. A lot of rare fishes could be find here. I've been loving the very huge tank with its super thick glass. Be sure to catch the feeding time for fishes too. One could actually spend 1-2hrs here in the aquarium as it is huge.", November 2016
48,4.0,HUGE PLACE,, November 2016
49,3.0,Too many people on a weekend,"Went there on a Saturday.  The mall was packed and so was the aquarium.  I have been to many around the world, nothing there I haven't seen before but it was nice to see Beluga whales.  It's pretty big considering it is inside a mall.", August 2016
50,3.0,Disapointed,"For the prices, we were expecting a great aquarium. I may have been spoiled by the ones in Cinncinatti OH, and New Orleans, La, but this one missed the mark. Pretty standard and nothing special. We were kinda shocked when we got to the end and even the kids asked if that was the whole thing. Took maybe 30 minutes to get through and we paid almost 90 bucks.", September 2016
51,4.0,"Aquarium, in the middle of shopping center","You would not expect an aquarium within a shopping complex, but here it is: Lotte World Aquarium. Not as big as the Atlanta Aquarium, but still, the size of the tanks are impressive. Like the design that we can go through and see the tanks from below or the other side. The variety of the species are also quite good. Feeding the gold fish with baby bottles is lots of fun.", July 2016
52,3.0,An OK aquarium,"If you don't have much to do, and are trying to kill 1-2 hours, this is a decent aquarium to attend.  I might be biased, as the Osaka and Atlanta aquarium have set me with high standards.  BUT, I do believe that this aquarium (compared to some of the best in the world) is sort of expensive, for what it has to offer.  I believe that I either paid the same or more, to attend this aquarium, compared to top-rated aquariums, like the ones in Osaka, Japan and Atlanta, GA (USA).  That being said, the animals/mammals that they have inside the aquarium seem to be well fed and have enough room to get around.  If you go on the weekend, plan for it to be packed, as it was for our last trip.  My family and I have went during the week, and there was no line to feed the fish or do anything other ""extra"" activities within the aquarium.  Plan for a 10-20 minute wait on the weekends for those activities.  All of this being said, this aquarium is NOT BAD, it's just sort of pricey, for what it has to offer.  I recommend going here at least once, whether you're on vacation, or just trying to kill time.  If you drive to Lotte World mall, you get a discount for the parking (if you attend the aquarium), so keep your receipt, as the parking is the most expensive as I've ever seen.", August 2016
53,4.0,"Not the biggest aquarium I've been to, but still a lot of fun.","There are still a number of interesting displays.  A room of jellyfish, a huge tank with lots of fish, two beluga whales, a spot for kids to touch fish and other small water creatures, baby otters, an alligator, and a few other tanks with different fish.  It was a great way to spend several hours in the afternoon.  The great thing is it's in Lottes'  World Mall, which has tonnes of other things to do, so the Aquarium can be a one thing in a full day of stuff, all in the same location.", July 2016
54,3.0,"Well, it's an Aquarium,  so has fish....",, July 2016
55,4.0,"Fish, lots of fish","This is one of the best aquariums I've seen in Korea.  They have an assortment of many types of fish to see.  The aquariums are also well sized for the fish to swim around in and to view.  The highlight is the hugs 2 story glass window where you feel as though you are in the ocean itself.  Its amazing to see so many fish in one tank.  There is also a little play area for small children to make things.  It was really nice to have an arts and crafts place for kids as well as a feeding area where kids can feed fish.  The only bottleneck is the Whale aquarium where its hard to see anything when its crowded and there is only one entrance and exit.  Aside from that, its nice to spend a few hours there on a hot summer day.  When you finish, you have the whole mall to peruse.  I recommend it especially if you have children.", December 2015
56,4.0,Not met my expectation,"Lotte World Aquarium is not as big as I have expected it to be. There are 3 shows - the penguin show, the seal and I forgot what the other show was.   I was a good show but a bit disappointed because the hosts speaks in Korean.  It would have been better if the hosts speaks in English as this is one of Seouls tourist attraction.", March 2016
57,4.0,Aquarium in Seoul,This aquarium is very large with many many different fishes and other water animals. It looks well kept and also that the species are being well treated. We did not have children with us but we could see that it is very well equipped for children activities including petting different sea speices., April 2016
58,4.0,small aquarium suitable for children,, March 2016
59,4.0,Nice place to visit with family ,, March 2016
60,4.0,"Not The best, but it worth it",, March 2016
61,5.0,Deceptively big and has a lot to see!!,, January 2016
62,1.0,Way overpriced for the tiny aquarium and no reentry during the same day,"We arrived aroun on Valentine’s Day at noon and were finished around 2pm. We payed 29,000KRW or about $24 for two hours! The shows occur around 11:00am and then again 4pm. We figured we would get our hands stamped and check out the Lotte Duty Free and Mall (My wife’s idea lol) and then return to see the Sea Lion and Beluga Whales’ show. To our profound amazement, they wouldn’t stamp our hand so we could return. They spoke decent English for purchasing tickets and for renting the audio guide but all of the sudden, the English proficient customer help didn’t speak a word of English as I tried to get our hands stamped to return. All they could say was they are sorry. Even with listening to the audio guide, the entire trip lasted 2 hours including multiple trips to the restroom by 4 people in a family, snacks such as a pretty decent churro etc… Had we not purchased the rental audio guides, the entire aquarium could be seen in under an hour as it is very tiny. One would think they would give the audio guide for free with the 29,000KRW price but then the audio guide rental is another 3,000KRW a person. Unlike the museums we’ve encountered with children and great teacher supervision, here parents let their children run wild here and even try to push you out of the way to let their children get a view. I could understand a child trying to get a good view and pushing, not having common sense or decency, but a parent pushing you out of the way? That was ridiculous and I surely told the parents to have some civility. What a waste of money and time with the Lotte World Aquarium. If you are considering or contemplating spending your hard earned money on Lotte World Aquarium I strongly advise you spend your money elsewhere and avoid the frustrations my family felt visiting the poorly run Lotte World Aquarium.", February 2016
63,5.0,Amazing,"This was amazing, the price is 29,000 won = 25 Dolars. You can see a lot of fishs and big animals!! It's very good for children, but is good for adults too.", February 2016
64,5.0,Really a nice visit,Took the kids here after a week of sightseeing in Seoul. Kids has a great time and the facilities are very nice. Priced well and attached to the same mall as the Lotte World Amusement Park., September 2015
65,4.0,Very nice indoor aquarium ,"This is attached to the enormous Lotte World complex. Looks very new. Prices are about $25 per person. Lots to see and great for a family outing. It is small compared to large parks like Sea World in the US, but I think very comparable to the other aquariums in Seoul. Expect to see everything in 60-90 mins if you don't catch the shows around mid day and early afternoon. This location has beluga whales, penguins, sea lions, many different fish, hands on area and activity areas for small children. Very large single tank that is about 20-30 feet tall and over 100 feet long. Several tunnels for visitors to pass through tanks and be surrounded by the aquatic life. I recommend it, especially if you have small kids and visit in the morning to catch the shows.", December 2015
66,3.0,Quite ordinary for the newly opened venue,, December 2015
