,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Nice,"Came with a group of friends, arrived at Wangsimni exit 3 and walk about 1km away. Worth the walk to eat more. Seem like all shops sold similar stuff and we just random find one and then kick start our BBQ. We selected charcoal grill. ", February 2020
1,4.0,Local meat market and restaurant ,"High quality meat at meat market.  Don’t expect to have decor in a classy restaurant, but high end beef, at half price of Myeongdong.", January 2020
2,5.0,Highly recommended! ,"Superb beef at an unbeatable price! My husband and I bought two trays of 1++ Korean Beef and grilled them at a charcoal grill restaurant above. The beef was soo delicious and at the price we paid, it was well worth every penny! We highly recommend the shop we purchased our beef", December 2019
3,5.0,Clean and Good!,"Price is definitely much cheaper than restaurant in city. Good selection of meat, Sirloin is the most well liked and it cost about 30k won for a man’s palm size slice. Easy to get there. Exit 2 of Majang station, once you exit, u will be Able to see signage to guide you to the", December 2019
4,5.0,half price compared to Myeongdong restaurants,"For same meat quality, I saw the prices in Myeongdong to be almost double than the prices at Majang Market. Of course the restaurants' price are already all in, while in Majang, the meats are brought to a restaurant that has a cooking charge per person, prices differ if you use", June 2019
5,4.0,Good selection of Korean beef,"Upon a friend’s recommendation, we visited the Majan Meat Market in Seoul. Many stores for your picking and good selection of Korean beef. Prices are about 10% lower than supermarkets in Seoul but shopping environment is certainly not as clean. Like most meat markets, there is a", May 2019
6,5.0,Good quality beef at affordable prices,"It was an interesting experience, buying fresh beef from the butchers on ground floor and having them take us to a BBQ place upstairs to grill the meat. It seemed pretty daunting at first.. as we wondered which cuts to get and whether we would get ripped off. However, everything", May 2019
7,4.0,Fresh meat market,Majang meat market - local fresh meat supply market place. For meat lovers- you can find the best quality Korean beef sold there. You can choose to your preference at the store on the  ground floor & there is restaurant located upstairs to cook for you. Reasonable price to enjoy, April 2019
8,5.0,絕對超值，頂級品質,"I heard this area has been around for a long time.  Korean beef is absolutely phenomenal. There are like chargrilled on the out side, but still really soft and juicy on the middle, Mabling is stunning. If you visit Majang place, DON'T miss 팔팔황금한우, 고기랑식당. The owner are so nice", April 2019
9,5.0,O so delicious and great prices,We went to Majang Meat market at around 7pm for dinner. Almost half of the shops were closed already. We managed to get a decent deal for a Korean platter and enjoyed the platter at a BBQ restaurant upstairs from the meat shop. The beef was so delicious. Even with the service, February 2019
10,5.0,Excellent Beef at Affordable Prices,We were told about Majang Meat Market by friends and we really wanted to visit.  We went on a weekday afternoon and it seemed as if there would not be anything to eat.  The stalls were open and the restaurants upstairs seemed empty.  We were prepared to return another day when, December 2018
11,4.0,"The meat is fresh and tender, and we do recommend a visit to eat grilled meat","We were recommended this place and visited on a Friday evening. There are many stalls selling meat so prices should be competitive. We bought beef and pork, and the vendor recommended a restaurant nearby that will provide the grill and sides, for approximately W5000 per person. ", December 2018
12,5.0,Best BBQ beef in Seoul,A near city center local meat market which is worth to visit. Many Packed high grade BBQ beef provide by the meat shops which also guide you to restaurant nearby to cook and enjoy immediately.Price is reasonable. Don't miss it if you really want to taste real Korea beef., July 2018
13,5.0,Excellent place for Korean beef,I was recommended to this place by my Korean guide. She informed me that this place serves top grade Korean beef at a lower cost than downtown BBQ restaurants. It is approximately 12000 Won or USD 11 per 100g or maybe lower depending on your bargaining skills. Usually if you, June 2018
14,5.0,"1++ Grade Korean Beef, at a much lower price","This place was recommended by some folks from Hong Kong as a great way to get top quality beef at a low cost.  Find a vendor (preferably one who sells the top grade of beef), choose what cuts you want, have them slice it, then take it upstairs to do Korean BBQ on their grills. ", February 2018
15,5.0,Best BBQ in Seoul,"Nice beef and most of the restaurant dun sell pork but you can get the pork u want at the adjacent mkt and bring it to the restaurant to BBQ urself. Cheap but most of the restaurant is crowded with locals during dinner time. Near to Majang line, walking distance.", November 2017
16,4.0,"Eat local, Korean beef","It's a local meat market, which itself is sort of a sightseeing spot?!  First, you got to buy the meat from the stall, you can choose from any stalls. Then, the staff will guide you to the eating area upstairs.  Upstairs area charged 5000 won per person. Offering not only the", September 2017
17,4.0,Korean beef BBQ- worthy and tasty,"We visited the 石信韓牛. You can buy the freshly cut 1++ loin there, and have BBQ upstairs. The BBQ place just charged 5000won per person for serving you with BBQ stove and many delicious side dish and veggie for wrapping the beef. Very nice experience there. Costs us just ard 60000", June 2017
18,3.0,Carnivore Heaven,"Given a choice, I'd rather be a pescetarian than to be a carnivore. The social occasion sometimes call for the latter.  Though not a beef connoisseur, my discerning taste buds is pretty good at sussing out a quality piece of beef than a poor quality piece.   Because this is a", May 2017
19,5.0,"Majang Market""팔팔황금한우"" 馬場洞  八八黃金韓牛","The best place to enjoy Korean Beef and Pork with the half price of other restaurants. TOP grade Beef and Pork. Also, we got to choose what part of meat that we want to eat. I think Chuck flap tail is the best part one.  Do not miss this place. 43, Majang-ro 37-gil,", April 2017
20,5.0,Cheap and Awesome BEEF!!!,"If you're a MEAT lover, do not miss this place out. You get TOP grade Korean beef yet pocket friendly pricing.  First you buy the meat after walking around the stalls. Then bring it to a near by restaurant and pay a small fee of 5000-6000 Son to cook your meat. Store owners", March 2017
21,5.0,Just half price compare with downtown,"The best place to enjoy Korean Beef with the excellence price.  It's just half price compare with down town restaurant, such as at Myeongdong or Dongdaemun.", December 2016
22,4.0,Excellent Beef,"Location is a little challenging to locate. Given the Korea does not support Google Maps, I would never have found the place had it not been a friend who was already there sending me his location via Apple Maps. After the train station exit, keep walking for a good 2-300m or so", October 2016
23,5.0,Wow!,"So much produce, so much bustle, and so much you either didn't know people eat or wouldn't imagine anyone would want to eat!  A whole street devoted to garlic, even.  Try the different stages of bean pastes, from fresh to 3 years old.  This is a tourist paradise and eye-opener. ", August 2016
24,5.0,~Slaughterhouse Meat Kingdom~,"I visit here at least twice a month.  Best place for serious beef buyers (or pork), but mostly beef.  Know what cut you want, or what part of the cow you desire. Also, if you want tenderloin you need to let them know 1-2 days in advance. Any other cut you can find on demand.  I", July 2016
25,4.0,Everyone wants beef,This is a well known area for selling meat. Most stores sell beef for BBQ. Different portions are packed for different number of people. The interesting part is that the customer can purchase the beef downstairs and take it up to the restaurants to BBQ. If you don't want to, May 2016
26,5.0,Yummy yummy beef,The meat u will always miss it after u taste the 1++ korean beef here.  Very reasonable price. The store owner is very honest and give u good recommandation.  I bought different kind of meat to eat in bbq style at the upstair restaurant(including the meat and the restaurant, April 2016
27,5.0,Meat Galore!,Found out from a friend about this meat market.  They sell Korean beef and pork. I reached at roughly 4pm and at least half of the stalls were closed. Randomly chose a stall to buy meat from and the seller very kindly took us to a restaurant on level 2 for us to grill the meat., April 2016
28,4.0,Good Korean beef,"We went on Sunday, most of the meat shops were closed, so if you want to go beware on Sun. We just went to the restaurant nearby, and try the combo with Korea's beef! The beef there were totally difference from Canada! Seems to be taste better 😁 If you love beef, must try!", March 2016
29,4.0,Slightly Cheaper Meat Price from Another Place in Seoul,I came here because I want to try fresh meat right from its first hand since I read some reviews that this market is one of the biggest supplier for meat all across Seoul. It's quite hard to find this place since it's located quite far from subway station. But just ask the, May 2015
30,4.0,Beef Lovers Paradise,"Recommended by my friend that I should not miss this place for best beef, I went there by taxi from MyeongDong and it took me 30 mins to reach there.  There were meat shops selling beef and stripes in raw.  Bargain with them on the prices and you may get them at best prices. ", December 2015
31,5.0,really worth it for meat lovers!,"This place is really worth it! We had the best beef, it literally just melts in your mouth! we went there on a saturday afternoon, there were so many shops selling pork & beef. We bought the meat we liked and then took it to one of the restaurants upstairs, they provided the", November 2015
32,4.0,Amazing meat,"AIsle after Aisle of fabulous beef pork and other meats. Many opportunities to cook the meat you just bought over glowing charcoal. Yum, but bring your statins!", August 2015
33,5.0,Must visit for food lovers when in Seoul. A++ Beef,"Executive summary:  Pros - Excellent quality beef A++, much cheaper than restaurants, fun to shop for your own cuts of beef  Cons - Market is clean but is a wet market, so be prepared...don't expect spotless streets  After purchasing meats, the butcher usually will recommend one", January 2015
