,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Warm delicious food on a cold night,"I love the array of food here. Warm, filling, satisfying. There is one lady selling octopus at the very end of the market (south area i think) is so nice to us. She should earn a credit", November 2019
1,4.0,Interesting Korean Traditional Marketplace,"Interesting  traditional Korean marketplace easily accessible by metro. This place has lots of delicious snacks and street food and you can see stalls selling hugh and tiny reddish, hugh cabbage and big red apples, etc.  Worth a visit 😊", November 2019
2,5.0,A huge local market with much fun,"A traditional market near Mangwon Station. Good to visit. - Featured by media several times. This is popular even locating in a residential area. - This is quite away from other touristic areas. But, we saw some foreign tourists. - Very huge. The market continues even outside", October 2019
3,4.0,Nice to visit a local market aimed at residents rather than tourists ,The market is a local community asset that the residents support in order to sustain it.   It was good to visit such a market rather than only see a market aimed at tourists., May 2019
4,4.0,Enjoy this traditional market so much !! Street food time !!,"Walk within 5-10 minutes from subway station to this market and it's easy to find using Naver maps. During walks, there are some shop sell fruits or local food and products. Inside the market, there are stall who sell raw meat, vegetables, banchan (korean side dish), local food", April 2019
5,4.0,Korean Food Street,"Mangwon Market is a long sheltered street with shops at both sides selling all types of food. Unless you browsing at every stall and eating your way thru, one can cover the market in 1-2 hours. There are all types of food. There are cooked and raw food, meat, vegetables,", March 2019
6,2.0,Not for tourist,"We went here on Monday, 24 Dec 2018. It is difficult to find this market. We have to walk about 10min from mangwon station and there is no sign to this market from mangwon exit. We have to ask several person to find this market. Just a local traditional market with limited", December 2018
7,5.0,BEST alternative to Kwangjang Market,"Although I love the Gwangjang Market, it is extremely busy and tourists tend to make walking through very difficult. This market has delicious food for much better prices. Short rib patties, mandu, famous fried chicken, croquettes, hotteok, fermented stingray, kalguksu and so", November 2018
8,4.0,Covered traditional wet market,"We were staying in an Airbnb just adjacent to the market so as I really enjoy traditional markets it was perfect to go explore this one. The market is very long and mostly covered with all kinds of interesting produce from fresh fruit and vegetables to meat, seafood and kimchi", July 2018
9,4.0,Great local people market with delicious food stalls,Stopped at Mangwon market on a bike tour. A very interesting insight into how local Korean people live. The food was delicious and their speciality is fried chicken although they do have stalls for all manner of different types of food. It’s relatively inexpensive but I would, August 2018
10,5.0,"Local wet market, original and authentic","This market is far from city. However, it is a very local and authentic wet market. You can see the local shop and done here. If you want to understand local Seoul peoples living, this is a highly recommended place to go. ", June 2018
11,4.0,Very good value food and shopping,"Heard about this area transitional market so went there for a visit.  The items there is very good value, its clean.   They sell grocery, clothing and food.  They have Daiso there as well if you would like to do some ""2 dollars-store"" shopping.", November 2017
