,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,an 'open air' mall with a good selection of stores,"an open air mall with a good selection of stores to entice you. located at  Hapjeong Station (subway lines 2, 6) exits 9 or 10 makes it super convenient to access and enjoy this cool hangout place", January 2020
1,4.0,Open Air Mall with tons of shops of all kinds!,"Conveniently located right outside Hapjeong station.  Easily accessed.  Plenty of stores.  A couple of pharmacies, and a Homeplus.", February 2019
2,2.0,Disappointing and empty mall,, July 2018
3,3.0,A Calm Respite,"My friend and I stopped by here while touring the larger Hongdae area.  It's an interesting place to visit as an American because it's an open-air shopping mall.  It also has a nice aesthetic (as evidenced by the colorful umbrellas shown in the picture above, as well as the small gardens and plants throughout the mall.  It was surprisingly calm and uncrowded on the Saturday afternoon when we visited.  Not worth a trip to for its own sake, but certainly a nice stopover if you're in the area doing other things and need some shade, a bathroom, or just a place to sit for a little.", April 2018
4,3.0,A desolate-looking mall,"I would name this place a ghost of a mall because there was hardly a crowd... a trickle of shoppers at the individual shops that look deserted. The only place with a handful of shoppers was the supermarket at the basement level. Yet, because it is a mega mart, the supermarket looks desolate too.", December 2017
5,5.0,Best shopping center in Hapjung Station.,"Nice place. every thing is there,what you want to buy...I liked this place. Mecenatpolis mal building in so expensive building. i wish i want to bye a flat in this building. Home plus is in underground.", June 2017
6,2.0,Not worth the trip here,This is an open air mall with the usual brands you could find anywhere. The place was quiet on an afternoon weekday when we visited. This is certainly not a place to come all the way for., March 2017
7,4.0,Friendly and colourful,"I don't think it's underrated, it just attracts a different crowd from the usual expat community, mainly locals and South-Asian tourists. Except for the events the place is almost never crowded, pleasantly lively at best. The mall is connected to Home Plus and other supermarkets that makes it suitable for family outings. It has some of the popular clothing stores and some alternative and luxury ones as well. You can also buy cosmetics here, of course. The variety of the eateries is probably the best thing about this mall; you can choose from western, Korean and Japanese cuisine here. They're scattered all over the mall, however, all the cheap Korean restaurants seem to be concentrated in an alley on floor B1. It has a few nice cozy coffee shops too. I personally like to spend time here alone. It's especially beautiful on sunny days. The architecture is also worthy of note.", June 2016
8,4.0,Underrated - worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood,"A well missed mall in Seoul. If you should find yourself in the area, with time to spare - it really is worth a visit.", August 2015
9,3.0,"Small, but fun Mall",, July 2015
10,3.0,New big but not much to do!,, December 2014
