,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Designer quality and styles at great prices,"Hundreds of vendors with a huge diversity of product in one compact building on multiple floors. Great place to outfit a wardrobe for a makeover, new career, or new season.", September 2019
1,1.0,"China  + 1, South Korea -1","avoid at all cost... rude sellers, overpriced goods .. sellers at the basement 1 and 2 are very rude to tourists .. one shop even looked at us from head to foot and told us rudely that they cannot sell to us, ""Do not touch original""... i was just asking the price of the item on", September 2019
2,4.0,Typical shopping mall,"Migliore mall is located in Dongdaemun, with many shops selling fashion apparel, accessories, shoes, bags etc targeting the younger generation, especially women. Prices are reasonable. This is one of the newer malls in Dongdaemun.", June 2019
3,1.0,Aggressive sellers,Do not bother wasting your time in this mall especially in the males section . Aggressive sellers trying to coerce you to buy super overpriced goods with nasty attitude when you don’t buy from them, May 2019
4,1.0,"Very pressurizing, especially male section",Every store in the male section is hawking for customers. They are onto you the moment you step off the escalator.   Prices are definitely way above what you can get at other areas like hongdae shopping street. I saw the same top costing 10000 Won at hongdae but the seller, April 2019
5,3.0,Similar to Bangkok Platinum Mall,"We went in early morning. Hence, there was no crowd. The layout is similar to Bangkok Platinum mall. Every level selling specific stuffs. Lower level for apparel, higher level for bags, shoes, accessories, luggage. Quite a good place to shop if you know what you want. ", April 2019
6,3.0,Cramped and crowded store,"This is a large store opposite the Dongdaemun Design Plaza and Lotte Fitin shopping mall. The store was packed with visitors and the space inside it was pretty tight so not a particularly enjoyable experience. However, visitors can find all kinds of clothing for both adults and", July 2018
7,3.0,Good place to shop but some of the seller attitude can be better.,"Place at location down town, just opposite DDP design center. Good for shopping open from 10:30am to 04:30am Some of the seller may give you feelings like "" you don't buy, you don't touch"".", June 2018
8,3.0,Not as nice as before,We have been to Migliore on previous trips and found this place had somewhat deteriorated. There were more empty units and the range seemed to be become lesser. The men's section on the 4th floor was quite scary as the sellers were more aggressive. There were a lot less shoppers, May 2018
9,3.0,Cluttered with small shops,"Dongdaemun area is a shopping paradise and Migliore is a multi storey store in the midst of it. It’s crowded with little shops organised around a theme eg women’s, children’s etc, but that’s about all there is in organisation! All the stores sell varied and sometimes duplicative", March 2018
10,1.0,Super Bad Experience ,super bad experience here. sellers were super rude and unfriendly. this place is also filled with youngsters that are rude. i went to one of the shop and was browsing at the dresses and i was holding onto one that caught my eye. i took less than five minutes and then the seller, January 2018
11,4.0,A shoppers paradise,Located very close to dongdaemun subway is Migliore which opens at 10.30 in morning and is open till 4.30 am. So one can visit this place in midnight. It’s a must visit place for anyone wanting to buy clothes / accessories or bags. Both male and female clothes available.  , October 2017
12,4.0,Nicer clothes ,"Migliore is very similar to Hello APM but stall keepers a slightly more snottier. They may have more range in nice styles of clothes but prices are a little higher above 30,000₩.  Their B1 floor is stocked full of adorable baby and toddler clothes. A shopping heaven for parents!", November 2017
13,4.0,cool Shop,"It is nice department"" stores like this in Dongdaemun .It is not luxury like lotte mall .But, they have good deal like good cloths , luggage,Sojourners and etc.Take care you should bargain or you will buy product in high price.The staff nice and speak English.We visit this mall", August 2017
14,3.0,Shop,"There are a lot of ""department"" stores like this in Dongdaemun. They dont speak english, some stuff is overpriced", March 2017
15,1.0,"If you cannot speak Korean, don't go there","The sellers act like gang. When you look around the place, they keep bothering you to look at it and buy it. Also the price was way higher than my expectation. When I mentioned that is too expensive, (this is kind of routine) they ask me back ""how much you expected?""  no matter", July 2017
16,1.0,Don't go to 4th floor of this place!! Very rude!!,"I went to here with my friends and most of the sellers on 4th floor who are selling men's clothes were not nice at all. We nicely asked the price of the goods, and after we were told the price, we said it was too expensive. They asked back, how much do we want, and after we gave", May 2017
17,3.0,Honeymoon @ Migliore,This is a lower end shopping mall as compared to nearby Doota.  This shopping mall is opened until 5am.  Mostly clothing for men and women but more women's clothing.  Price of the items can be further reduced by 10% - 30%.  There is no changing room to try the clothing. Only, February 2017
18,5.0,Ideal place for shopaholics,"This is not only the best shopping destination I have encountered, but also the only review where I have given an 'excellent' rating. As someone who loves shopping, this place is absolutely fantastic. Seoul is known for its shopping, and from this mall I can clearly see why. The", December 2016
19,4.0,A mini Platinum Mall (BKK) in Korea,"The first thing that came to mind in the layout and products was Platinum Mall in Bangkok, but this is a scaled down version and prices aren't as cheap as in BKK (natch). Still a nice mall to see wholesale priced clothes (more fashionable) and shoes (sneakers galore) and", November 2016
20,3.0,A typical big shopping center of SK,"There are a lot of small shops in a big one, no prices are written, it's the saler that tells you the price. Generally it's quite expensive , but here is the ""game"" : negociation, if you manage it well you can have it for 25% of the first price announced ! (A saler wanted to", August 2016
21,2.0,Overpriced goods,"Got coerced into getting a t-shirt for 20,000 won. Saw the same shirt going for much cheaper at Migliore Myeongdong. Don't believe the hype about low prices. I believe prices have risen thanks to the increasing popularity of the place.", July 2016
22,3.0,Not cheap and limited size,"I always heard of must visit dongdaemun when u r in Seoul. Varities of cheap and affordable clothes.. Varities of clothes is true, but not cheap.. And the size is very limited", April 2016
23,4.0,A whole sale fashion mall for ladies and men n toddlers,"There were 5 stories top 2 were men fashions, 1st-3rd were mostly women and B1 were babies and toddlers. Don't be afraid to ask for discounts as its a wholesale mall after all. The more pieces u buy the more discount u get. It's opened until pretty late or early in the morning!!", June 2016
24,5.0,Trendy shopping mall,"Love every moment there. They have a sale going on, which was brilliant. There are many different local designers that was featured in that place, and is definitely worth a trip there if you are fashion conscious, or have teenagers in tow. ", March 2016
25,4.0,Bought souvenirs!!,Visited this place as it was the part of culture transit tour. Nice place to shop for souvenirs. Bought some key chains and socks. Bargaining is little hard. Prefers cash as some of them do not have POS machines., November 2015
26,3.0,Its alright,"Each mall contains the same style of clothes (small kiosks like), theres so much stall of the same type of collections makes me feel Ive been entering the same shopping mall. Koreans don't have the habit of bargaining so most items you see are pretty fixed unless you can kindly", December 2015
27,3.0,Good but not my taste!,"The whole are in and around is very famous for shopping, again its not a cheap bargain and size is all for tiny people!!", August 2015
28,4.0,so many beautiful things here!,"its easy to go there by bus, or taxi. and when u reach there...its shopping time! so much pretty clothes and others.  also when i get there there's a cover dance performances in front of it. yeaay. so dont forget to bring everything u need, to embrace the moment here. if u get", August 2015
29,5.0,Midnight shopping,"OMG despite what people say, (overpriced cheap stuffs etc.), I love the place! For me, all the garments that i bought there were within reasonable price. I stayed at the mall from midnight until 4am. The outside of the mall was still packed with people (koreans mostly) although", September 2015
30,5.0,Shopping!!,Love shopping here!! I usually spend several days in a row here because there is so much to see and buy!, August 2015
31,5.0,amazing collection,"It was great fun shopping at migliore as you can find everything there shoes, accessories, clothing, bags etc. Trying clothes is a problem there so one should have an idea about their sizes. you get designer and all big brands quality stuff there, i have told all my friends to", April 2015
32,4.0,Great shopping BUT,"But they are very pushy. My mum bought a ₩225000 ""leather"" jacket but i think we may have been ripped off lol anyway apart from the ultrrraaa ultra pushy retailers shopping is decent. Cash=discount and they speak some english. Affordable shopping though. More for young people. ", June 2015
33,3.0,"Not amazing, but not bad for late night shopping","Not a place to go if you want anything somewhat high-end (or low-end..), but is a good place to spend your time at 3am if you are jetlagged and slept for 8 hours of the evening... Come ready to negotiate and never pay the original price. They'll usually drop it 10% before you", June 2015
34,5.0,After Hours Shopping till 5am,"Our favourite place to shop after everything else has closed, cos Migliore opens till 5am in the morning. Although some find this mall a little pricier than others, we are familiar with where our favourite shops are, and keep coming back. Besides, bargaining is allowed, so we", December 2014
35,4.0,Take Tour Time,"If Bangkok have MBK & Platinum malls, Seoul beats them as Migliore and the one beside it are open till early morning! Lots of selections at fairly good quality and reasonable price. Although haggling for the price can be tricky at times coz others are willing to give addl", October 2014
36,5.0,We came here every night!!,believe it or not but this is our playing area as shooping start quite late and ends the morning after. This place ectually never sleeps at night and clothes are pertty cheap too. We managed to buy a few pairs worth only KRW5000 ...its heaven for toys too as the underground, June 2014
37,4.0,Shop unil drop here !,Very large building that contains many shops. You can enjoy here for almost the whole day to go through all the shops inside. There are some coffee shops and food shops for you to rest & relax your legs before continue shopping., September 2013
38,3.0,shop after shop with similar items,"One of a few off the open-late malls in dongdaemun, it can be worth the visit if you know exactly what you want.  Be careful because prices are not always cheap (do try to negotiate a lower price) and you may end up buying something for more than a shop on the street.   ", November 2013
39,4.0,Another Must Go mall in DDM,"Located next to APM,Migliore opens till 5am. So every night, DDM is very crowded compared to other shopping areas. It has many levels, each level cater to a different target market. There is also a queue of taxis outside the mall, so no worries even if you shop till after", April 2014
40,2.0,Overpriced for tourists and definitely must bargain,"Shop owners will quote you with an original price then show you a discounted price. Although they say discounted, but in my opinion they are still rather expensive compared to Bangkok and Hong Kong. The prices they offer are same or higher than online store prices.  Don't worry", June 2013
41,5.0,One of the best places to shop for clothes for nice design at cheap price,"I have travelled to Seoul 5 times over the last 10 years and each time I visit this place to top up or renew my wardrobe. If you like trendy clothes and design, and not fuss with brand names, this is the place for you. Although, a lot of the design are somewhat copies of the", December 2012
42,5.0,Bargain!,"The selections are huge, but to get a good deal, you've gotta really bargain for it. If it's not up to your desired price tag, then walk away nicely.", October 2012
43,2.0,Just lots of shops - not for bargain hunters!,"A lot of hype about not much. There are floors and floors of clothes, clothes, clothes and some of the shop owners won't let you try on the clothes, so no point! If you must tick the box, pop in and out and then go to Dongdaemun traditional Market for real bargains, but get", October 2012
44,4.0,"Good variety, but beware of cut-throats","Note: this review is by my wife. All I did was sit in the food court, eat & drink and read a book. :-)  Nice and interesting things to look at for a keen window-shopper. Gotta beware that some sellers try to take advantage of the fact that you're a tourist, evident mostly by", September 2012
45,4.0,Need More Time Shopping,"We went to Migliore just to look at the clothes available. The prices are higher than in Manila but from what I saw, the quality seems better and designs can't be found at home either. So I think the prices are reasonable. I can't comment on or compare with other countries as", September 2012
46,3.0,Simple shopping mall with fashion meant for the young,"Prices are competitive and no bargaining allowed as they are all fixed rates. Fashion not as up market but if you look closer, you may find some gems!", February 2012
47,4.0,Not bad,"The shopping here is good and there's definitely a variety. However, i wouldn't say the stuffs here are cheap for students like me. The shopping is mainly catered for women with only the top floor being a guy's zone. Its definitely a place with many small shops but the", August 2012
48,3.0,"High prices, disappointing variety of accessories","In street markets in Bangkok, Hong Kong, and Singapore, sellers frequently offer creative designs in earrings and pendants at reasonable prices, and they say they bought them in Korea.  So we had great expectations for the accessories floors of Dongdaemun's Migliore Building. We", June 2012
49,5.0,Korean Fashion Goods. :),"This is where you can get all the latest korean fashion goods! You'll have to bargain at first but if you're a non korean speaker you might have a hard time doing that as the sales people aren't familiar with tourists, just local people. Because the shop owners aren't targeting", June 2011
50,3.0,Reasonably Priced Items.,"Bought myself a pair of shoes, 2 shirts and some souvenirs here. Reasonably priced items and I love the shoes. The clothes are trendy and current. Surely will come again if I ever set my foot here next time.", November 2011
51,3.0,Similar like Bangkok Platinum Mall,"Shop till you drop. It opens from 10 am - 5am (next day)!!! Midnight shopping!  You can find loads of fashion apparels. Basement sells baby/toddlers wear. Mid level sells women apparels. Upper level sells men apparels, shoes, bags, accessories.  When you come to the men apparels", March 2012
52,1.0,Don't waste your time!,"If you are looking for a bargain, this is the wrong place.  Few vendors are sporting enough to negotiate, at most going down by 1,000-2,000 won.  Try to ask for more discounts and you will be shooed off.  And worst of all, for the exact same item in other countries (Singapore,", March 2012
53,1.0,Be very careful with the vendors!,"My shopping experience turned into a nightmare when my wallet,filled with cash and IDs and credit cards was stolen by one of the vendors!I accidently left my wallet at the one of the shops and came back to get it after i realised that about 30mins later, but they denied seeing", July 2011
