,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Kimchi the best,Very nice place to explain history of traditional Korean cuisine I would never believe before how many kimchi kind of combination existing in Korea. If you like it try to find time and visit it, September 2019
1,5.0,Underrated and fun experience,"I don’t understand why this place doesn’t have higher ratings.  Tucked away at the 4th floor of a hidden building in Insadong area, this Kimchi museum is in the vicinity of very chill artsy vibe.   I signed up for the Kimchi making class and it was really fun to make your own", November 2019
2,5.0,A must while visiting Insadong!,"If you're a kimchi fan or if you'd like to learn more about Korea's heritage. stop at this quaint museum. A better visit would've been taking a kimchi cooking class. Insadong has so many great shops, boutiques & snack vendors.", June 2019
3,3.0,Planning ahead would make it more interesting,"So... I knew I wanted to take my family here (for the love of Kimchi) however, did not schedule the visit in advance.  The museum is about halfway along the main Insadong street on the fourth floor of ""Insadong Maru"" (several interesting little shops and some restaurants in this", July 2019
4,2.0,Not what we expected,There was literally nothing.  Some picture of kimchi. Some kimchi tasting and interactive game.  We are excited for this visit however upon arrival everything change. There was no kimchi making class on the day of our visit.  We were given a ticket and thats it no explanatory on, April 2019
5,5.0,Love it,Finding out about koreas traditional food like kimchi. Well worth goin to this. Slightly difficult to find but its fun to adventure out. Like looking for a hidden treasure. Plus side you can taste different type of kimichi, November 2018
6,4.0,If you love Kimchi...,My son is a lifelong devotee of Kimchi. We absolutely had to visit this museum. (Who would guess there would be a museum devoted exclusively to Kimchi? But there is in Seoul!) Very interesting with several activities for children to participate in. There is even a large kitchen, September 2018
7,5.0,All you ever wanted to know about Kimchi....and more!,"one of the best, small museums we've ever been to. Amazing how such a side dish / side topic could be presented in such an exciting way. Great exhibition design work, activating all the senses, kids and adults would enjoy and profit from it.", August 2018
8,4.0,Kimchi – Korea's National Treasure,"The Kimchikan Museum is where you can turn to for all of your kimchi learning needs.  It is the only Korean museum dedicated to kimchi history and to the process of kimchi making – kimjang (the annual autumn kimchi- making season, is a major event on the Korean social calendar),", August 2017
9,4.0,Cultural Impact of a Food,"Very interesting to see everything from the science of fermentation to the ways different regions' kimchi differ. Also a nice tasting, but that wasn't anything to write home about. ", December 2017
10,4.0,Kimchi!,"This quaint museum in Insadong is dedicated to kimchi. Adult admission is $8USD. It isn't terribly big, so you can pretty much get through it in about an hour. My husband and I went on a Friday afternoon, and there was literally no one else there. There are a couple of kimchi", January 2018
11,4.0,Nice Museum in Insadong,"Great Museum to learn more about Kimchi. Tickets are not too expensive (2500won/pax) and overall the museum was quite interesting with kimchi tasting! You can also sign up kimchi making experience on the spot, but better to reserve. Free Hanbok Experience, as with many other", December 2017
12,3.0,Good to bring kids there,"The museum located in one of the alleys in Insadong.  It is a small museum that show you various kinds of kimchi and how they are made.  There are videos, photos, stamps, and other fun activities.  On the top floor, you even get to taste a few different type of kimchi. ", October 2017
13,2.0,Very small museum,"Super Super Super small museum. You can check out the museum in less than 15 minutes.   Admission fee 5,000 won (around $5).   If you have never tried Korean traditional Hanbok, they have a few selections that you can wear for FREE. But you can only wear it inside the museum.", May 2017
14,5.0,Great activity for kids and adults alike!,We had so much fun making Kimchi at the museum and the kids did too! They gave us an English translator and the instructions were clear and thorough. The kids were able to participate at only 6 years old and they provided kids sized aprons and gloves / cutting tools for them., July 2017
15,5.0,Fun for food nerds,"Okay, I love food museums and this one is very well done and clearly had money put into it with hands on touch screens, excellent short documentaries with elders talking about different types of kimchi they grew up with, and tastings.  It isn't a long visit but it was not", July 2017
16,3.0,We were the only visitors,We went to the Insadong tourist information center on the Insadong cultural street to ask for directions and it was just down the road!  The local tourist map of Insadong makes it easy to find.  And we were given a 40% off discount voucher for the museum.  On the day / time we, April 2017
17,4.0,"Cute, helpful insight",It takes about 60 minutes to see this museum. Some nice interactive displays; audio guide is free with admission. Highlight is the kimchi tasting section on the 6th floor. I wish I'd come sooner: this place demystifies kimchi significantly. Check the website for classes -, February 2017
18,3.0,Interactive,"This is not a museum where you just stare at various types of kimchi. Here, you get to try different activities that make you appreciate kimchi.", March 2016
19,4.0,Make your own Kimchi!,"Kimchi is an integral part of Korean cuisine so having a chance to learn how to make it helps you understand the culture a little better. Plus, it's fun! I did the white cabbage kimchi class. All your ingredients are laid out when you arrive. First, you watch their chef make the", September 2016
20,3.0,Interesting,Visited this museum dedicated to kimchi and had a good time. Lot's of interesting information and actually interactive displays that my five year old enjoyed. The reason that I am giving it 3 stars instead of 4 is because I was expecting the kimchi tasting room to be a bit more, August 2016
21,5.0,Great experience!,The entry for two only cost us KRW5000 as they had a two-for-one offer and we were also given two complimentary bottles of water.  We also borrowed two English audio guides - make sure you have an ID on you. The museum is very interactive and educational - staff go out of their, August 2016
22,3.0,"Highly interactive displays, go if you are a kimchi fan","This is a place I definitely would not have thought of, however a friend wanted to see it so I went along.  The museum is set up to guide you through a series of rooms that take you through a journey to explore every aspect of kimchi.  The displays are very interactive and", October 2015
23,3.0,Not a lot to do but fun for a quick visit,"Honestly, we happened upon the Kimchi Museum accidentally and we were freezing so decided to check it out to get out of the cold. It was very interesting to learn more about what many would consider to be the national dish of Korea, and we enjoyed the interactive displays and", December 2015
24,2.0,Located in Insadong and not exciting at all,"The only reason we visited this gallery is because the day we chose to visit Insa Dong, it was snowing heavily and some of the souvenir and handicraft stores were closed due to the heavy snow flurries. We wanted to wait it out so there were a few museums and galleries there so", February 2016
25,3.0,Interactive displays,"Not a whole lot of information. The displays were interactive though, which was nice. They had samples of kimchi out as well. If youre dying to learn about kimchi then check this out otherwise it can be passed", January 2016
26,3.0,Fantastic Idea But Lacking Content,"No doubt, kimchi is popular in Korea. Having a museum is a great idea, but this one was lacking content. The displays were sparse, and I feel like they could have provided a lot more information. Nonetheless, I am glad I went. The English translation devices were helpful. ", December 2015
27,5.0,Taste bud zinging museum!,"An excellent, newly opened, multi-sensory, multi-media museum. Fascinating historical to present day Kimchi making. Tasting room, creative arts workshop and kimchi making cooking lessons available. Audio guide available and highly recommend.  Well worth a visit.", September 2015
28,5.0,Now reopened in Insa-dong!,"Come find this excellent museum in the Maru builidng in Insa-dong.  5,000 Korean won entrance fee includes audio guide (high recommend you get this as it'll make your experience better if you're a non-Korean speaker).  Videos to watch and even samples of two types of kimchi.", September 2015
29,3.0,Worth to Visit,"It is not fun place to visit as a Native Korean. I know a lot about process of making Kimchi. But for the foreigners, it might be interesting. The good point is that you can enjoy Kimchi at the end. This museum moved to other town.", January 2015
30,4.0,Nice museum worth a visit.,"It was a nice view to see this, but I think you would want to be kind of a Kimchi buff. We lent the audio guide and found it somewhat usefull. We actually watched the 3 movies in the study room, but had quite a lot trouble starting it at the right time, so that was not so", August 2015
31,3.0,"Small, but inexpensive, and educational",This museum was in the Mall and easy walking distance from our hotel room at the Coex. Since it was so inexpensive we decided we would check it out. There were lots of displays and information about kimchi and it's history. How kimchi is healthy and how it's different in each, July 2014
32,3.0,Worth seeing,"Actually this was surprisingly memorable even for it's novelty value.  Not being Korean myself, kimchi has limited value to me aside from liking the taste.  But for Koreans it's a matter of national identity.  I wouldn't travel too far to see this but if you're in the area and", July 2014
33,3.0,"Small museum, not a must-go",The museum is quite small and took me about 15-20minutes to finish looking at the exhibits. You can find out about the history and different types of kimchi. There is also a tasting room for some common types of kimchi.  In my opinion it's not a must-go museum given its size and, September 2013
34,5.0,small but informative and interesting,This museum is tucked away in the COEX mall.  It takes less than an hour to go through but it was very informative.  I enjoyed learning about the many different types of kimchi as well as its history., September 2013
35,1.0,I think they closed,"We went to the COEX looking for the Kimchi Museum and could not find it.  We went to some of the stores to ask if we were in the right part of the facility and were told that the museum had closed.  If this place is still in operation, they hide it well.", April 2014
36,4.0,Good introduction to the delicious kimchi,"The Kimchi Field Museum is located at the basement level of the sprawling (and bewildering) COEX Mall. Be sure to visit the website before you visit as it may be closed for renovations. Although small'ish, the museum gives you a good overview of all things kimchi from history,", May 2013
37,4.0,Interesting!,"Having been buried under a deluge of kimchi with every meal in Korea, it's nice to learn a bit more about it. It's only 3000 won, and you can whizz around in less than an hour, but I definitely learned something from it. This little museum in the big COEX mall (by the World", June 2013
38,5.0,Small but very informative,"The Kimchi Museum is great! Located in a hole in the ground at the mall, it isn't too hard to find since you just go towards the aquarium most of the time. The museum is small, but there is a lot of really interesting information there, and you get to taste different types of", March 2013
39,5.0,cute and fun experience,This museum is in the COEX mall.  If you love kimchi like we do this is a great way to learn all about the history of it.  The museum is small and can be covered in an hour.  It's a little cheesy but informative. The exhibits are nicely done and you can take photos.  A fun, November 2012
40,4.0,"Interesting informative museum on kimchi, worth visiting while in Coex mall","Had no expectations of the Pulmuone Kimchi Museum, but while there, found the visit rather pleasant and enjoyable. The entrance fee is KRW 3000 (USD2.70) and takes less than an hour for a proper viewing. There were not many visitors, and the exhibits were viewed at own pace and", October 2012
41,4.0,Kimchi Going Big Time!,"Kangnam Style is sweeping the world.  Kangnam is an area in Seoul where the beautiful people live and work.  It has a convenient subway station of that name and, from there, you can walk to the Kimchi Museum in the Coex Mall (a sight to visit in itself),  The museum is small but", September 2012
42,3.0,Lots of Kimchi,I was wondering around the mall (b/c its not far from my friends place) and I stumbled upon it. I was entertaining... it wasn't expensive to see it. They showed you the many types of Kimchi Korea makes along with how to make them. they tell you the health benefits of kimchi. Im, December 2011
43,4.0,very interesting history of kimchi,The museam is located inside of the COEX mall in Seoul. Easy to get to. Signs posted in English., November 2011
44,3.0,Fun but quick pit stop if you are in area/ at COEX Mall,"Went there to understand more about a popular dish in Korea. The museum is kind of small, and the level of detail about the history of the dish was not too great. Some of the exhibits looked like it saw better days. The education and data room was packed with boxes and", November 2011
45,5.0,"cute, informative, with free samples!","i was really excited about going to the kimchi museum in seoul.  i was ending a 2 week trip through SE asia, and knew that i couldn't handle going to any more temples or art museums.  this is a very small place and won't take up much of your time, definitely less than 1 hr. ", January 2011
