,star_point,title,text,Date of experience,reviewer_address
0,4.0,Shopping Street,"This area has a lot of skincare and cosmetics products. Price is not really cheap (Ehwa area is cheaper). However you can get everything here. A lot of food vendors too. Halal restaurants also available here. If you want to do a lot of shopping in Seoul, there are a lot of", October 2019,"Sepang, Malaysia"
1,5.0,My favourite place in seoul,"We always book our stay near the myeongdong shopping street because of the convenience and the endless food and shopping options it offers. You can find all the famous korean cosmetic brands there and the shops and streets are always crowded, especially at night. The street food", January 2020,"Singapore, Singapore"
2,4.0,cosmetics and skin care haven!,"Here you can find Korean hype brand, medium to high-quality brand in way cheaper price than in any other country. The restaurants were a bit expensive compare to other areas in Seoul, but this like where first timer tourists should to go to.  ", December 2019,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
3,4.0,Great fun,"Go early evening to enjoy the food stalls, & check out the Chicken & Beer bars (that's exactly what they serve!).", March 2020,"Slough, United Kingdom"
4,5.0,Shopping Galore,This was a unique shopping experience for the family. There were so many street vendors with just about anything you can think of and lots of food. There are also shops and restaurants in the buildings along the street with more selections than the street vendors so you really, February 2020,"San Diego, California"
5,4.0,Shopping shopping shopping,"This area of myeongdung is a shopper's mecca. From all the skincare beauty and latest street fashion wear. Bustling, crowded and lively to spend your time and money right here.", February 2020,United States
6,5.0,Nice for foods,"Despite there is a lots of shopping to do (mainly cosmetics and snacks), i use to go there for foods mainly. Don't hesitate to go into small alleys and try small restaurants, lots are quite nice and tasty.", September 2019,hk
7,4.0,Fashion and cosmetic galore,"A must visit when coming to Seoul.Pros- Spacious walkways as compared to say Taipei's street/night markets. 2) Comestic, fashion and foodstuff for snacking relatively affordable. 3) Easily reached via Seoul Metro Stn of Eujiro 1 ga n Myeongdong.4) Wide range of hotels to suit", February 2020,"Singapore, Singapore"
8,3.0,Too much of everything ,This place is fun for 15 minutes but then it is just way too much. It is; however a must see when in Seoul , February 2020,"Den Bosch, The Netherlands"
9,4.0,Best street food in Seoul ,This is the place if you want to enjoy a variety of street food in Seoul. They have  some halal food also  , December 2019,"Subang Jaya, Malaysia"
10,4.0,Chaotic Street Food,"This is the place where you can shop any cosmetics and skincare brand in Seoul. They has plenty of shops that is heaven for ladies.  On the other hand, the are a lots of street food vendor that makes the street more vibrant.   During my visit on winter holiday, the street was", December 2019,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
11,5.0,A bustling part of Seoul that comes alive at night,This is an awesome area to shop and have some delicious street food. At night the whole place comes alive and it's just great walking around exploring all the side streets and deciding which street food to try next. So many shops to choose from and if you need some comfort from, January 2020,"Sydney, Australia"
12,4.0,Myeondong Solo,"If you are an avid skincare followers, you must go to Myeongdong street for an haul. But I didn't come to Myeongdong for skincare. The street food was reason I came the first time and turned out pretty goooddd. Next stop was Myeongdong Subway exit 6, where you can find heaven of", January 2020,"Tarakan, Indonesia"
13,5.0,You can finde here everything,If you want to buy souvenirs or the best face products or have a cup of coffee in strange place or just enjoy the vibe of street atmosphere just come here and stay longer the 5 minutes :-) Very good place for shopping lovers or people who wants to feel vibe of the city, February 2020,"Linden, New Jersey"
14,4.0,A lot of choices,"The whole area was pretty cool, as there was something for everyone. In addition to all the restaurants and different types of stores (mostly make-up), at night they had a lot of food street vendors. More choices for women", February 2020,"Huntington, New York"
15,5.0,Great atmosphere,A great street to walk around. Make up and face masks are really worthwhile. Food is a bit expensive compared to other markets. Retailers really exploit tourism, February 2020,"Adelaide, Australia"
16,5.0,Cheap Make-Up and Skin Care Heaven!,"This place is just simply the best one in Korea. You can find all kinds of clothing, skincare product, gifts, restaurants, street food, to your favourite Kpop star albums! And they're surprisingly very cheap. Moat of stall sells food from 2,000 won per portion. Although I was", January 2020,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
17,5.0,Almost too much to see here,"There are so many shops and people walking the streets that it can be overwhelming if you're not accustomed to that. If you've never been to Seoul, try not to get sucked into one of the beauty stores (like me). They'll offer you something free and next thing you know, you've", September 2019,"Saint Louis, Missouri"
18,5.0,Shopping,Super awesome place! I really love everything from here . Would like to go back again here! Super worth it, January 2020,"Luzon, Philippines"
19,1.0,A Street that Shows the True Face of South Korea.,"Well, I rarely go ballistic on a particular place but here I have to admit enough is enough.   Certain things look and are cute when you are 8 or 12, but start getting creepy when you are in your 20's, 30's and over. The phenomena I have witness in South Korea is one of alarming", January 2020,"Ferrara, Italy"
20,5.0,Heaven for makeup and beauty junkies!,"Although it was fun to eat the street food, I found it better to eat in some random Korean BBQ restaurant. What makes this place are the makeup and beauty stores. My goodness you will never realize how much skin care and hair care you need (or think you need) until you enter one", January 2020,Pasig
21,5.0,So much street foos,So there is so much street food and for fairly cheap. Also there is plenty of high end shops in the area. It is definitely a good spot to check out if it is you frist time in Korea., January 2020,"Port Hueneme, California"
22,3.0,Way too crowded... and dirty,"If you plan on shopping for k-beauty here, make sure you come before 2pm. Once the markets start it gets crazy busy. On the first night we thought it was a novelty but we quickly realised that some of the food wasn't as cheap as we thought. Some of them vendors reheat food by", December 2019,"Dulwich Hill, Australia"
23,3.0,Snacks on the street,"There were always a lot of people.   We were only interested in snacks. Pretty expensive. Would recommend going to the local markets instead.   For example, a box of strawberries was sold at W15000 here and only W3500 at Mangwon market...  Nevertheless, it was a place with", January 2020,"Hong Kong, China"
24,4.0,Lively shopping street,should not miss this place. there are lots street food which are very Korean. you can go to restaurants or cafe. Shops - middle range. Crowded coz its popular., December 2019,outside jakarta
25,5.0,Haven for cosmetics and street food,"One of the most popular shopping districts in Seoul and for a reason. It's always crowded, especially during the evenings when all the street food carts are in full swing. I would come here just for the street food from simple veggies to exotic lobsters and shrimps and", December 2019,"Dubai, United Arab Emirates"
26,4.0,Shopping and street food,"I love to shop at Myeongdong Street due to its variety of shops and also its street food. Easy access to/from metro station as well.  There are many beauty product shops (Holika Holika, Banila n Co, Innisfree, Tony Moly, Lush) and other familiar global brand (Zara, Uniqlo),", January 2020,"Putrajaya, Malaysia"
27,4.0,Fun vibes,"Very touristy, but fun vibe! Lots of modern shops, market stalls and food stalls. Good variety of food as well. Must have, 30cm icecream!! ", January 2020,"Arnhem, The Netherlands"
28,5.0,My home away from home,"Myeongdong street is the most amazing street i have ever been! Aside from it is very safe, the street is very entertaining. From the street food, to the signature stalls to the ambiance. Very nice place! We have stayed somewhere this area for 5 days.", November 2019,"Dubai, United Arab Emirates"
29,5.0,Xmas vacay,"Love the area... all sorts of street food that was amazing!!! Shopping stores left & ryt!!! Its a convinient place to buy all sorts of things.  They also have local grill restos that served good food.  We ate during Xmas eve at one of the grill resto- i forgot the name, but the", December 2019,"Iloilo City, Philippines"
30,5.0,Go in the evening / night,"You would already know Myeongdong is good for getting cosmetics and skincare products. Would recommend you to try the street food that come out only at night.   Also if you plan on getting face /body masks, this is the place to get as they are still cheaper than duty free. Not", January 2020,"Singapore, Singapore"
31,5.0,so fun!,"fun experience especially at night! shop and eat till you drop. from street drop variety to cool hole in the wall restaurants, and beauty cosmetics and clothing shops- especially beautiful with all the lights in the evening!", September 2019,"Kansas City, Missouri"
32,5.0,Recommended area to stay if it's your 1st time to Seoul!,"For first timers to Seoul, this place is ideal...with lots of food options and shopping to do...if you're here for the culinary and shopping experiences!  You can have lunch and dinner at different restaurants every day/night (assuming your hotel provides breakfast).  Lots of", December 2019,"Vancouver, Canada"
33,5.0,Shoping,There's a lot of spot shopping in Seoul but this one is the best. Because they have good price. Low price but good quality. If you want some souvenir from Korea this is one place that you should come, January 2020,"Banggai, Indonesia"
34,5.0,Wow! ,"Bustling, energetic and ecstatic! I love the energy here and the street food are pretty awesome. Go to the alleys for cheaper street food! ", January 2020,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
35,5.0,Great experience,"Amazing cosmetics shopping, many other shops too. Different kinds of street food. Very different and unusual experience.", January 2020,"Gothenburg, Sweden"
36,4.0,Overwhelmed with tourists,Things are more expensive in Myeongdong than other locations in Seoul.  There are definitely more tourist in Myeongdong  . It is very central to everything . But very crowded in Christmas ., January 2020,California
37,4.0,Going shopping and taste the real life!,"Astonishing lights, restaurants, and full of markets where everyone can purchase good for yourself and/or for presents to be offered to family, friends or relatives when coming over. There was the real life in the city of Seoul at night. No one should miss it when visiting and", December 2019,"Paris, France"
38,4.0,Beauty wonderland,"It's a well known fact that Myeong-dong is a beauty product wonderland and not to mention, beer and fried chicken.  It's a must go for any first timer in Seoul and also beauty products fanatics.  It's a lovely and vibrant place with tons of street food too. The only downsides", December 2019,Singapore
39,5.0,A Must,"First time or frequent visitors, this place is a must! Street food stalls are by 4pm everyday until past midnight. Shops and shops and shops, and restaurants after restaurants, cafes and salons and OMG everything you need. If you can, visit this place weeknights, because it’s", November 2019,"Sacramento, California"
40,5.0,Myeongdong Shopping Fun!,"This was a great place to shop! We visited on a Sunday afternoon. Plenty of tourist friendly stores. Traditional and touristy gifts, food and candy. Definitely a must-do when visiting Seoul.", December 2019,"O'Fallon, Missouri"
41,4.0,Great shopping street,"We were in Seoul overnight and wanted to shop for their wonderful Korean beauty products. We stayed at a hotel near Incheon and debated whether to take the AREX Incheon Airport Express train from the airport or uber.  The one way train ticket was definitely cheaper at 9,000", December 2019,"Saint Paul, Minnesota"
42,4.0,Better at night,The street comes alive at night and better when the weather is a bit cooler. Much nicer than nigjt market in Taiwan. , January 2020,"Beijing, China"
43,5.0,Amazing place for street food 7/7,Great choices of appetising street food. Good crowd also creates a festive atmosphere. Seems very safe place to go with family. Some very good restaurant as well at very reasonable prices. Definitely an area not to miss when visiting Seoul. I stayed a week in Seoul and been, November 2019,"Sydney, Australia"
44,4.0,Ladies market,"It is a perfect place for shopping of skin care, fashion items, etc. etc. Lots of people no matter it is weekend or weekday.", February 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
45,5.0,Fantastic bustling and full of energy and life,Wow! You have to visit Myeongdong- the shops here are amazing- lots of beauty shops in particular! “Free” face masks are offered to lure you into shops but sometimes you can just take them and keep walking. It is super crowded here so be aware you will be bumped into n jostled a, December 2019,Cyprus
46,5.0,Crazy place at night,"A must visit if you want to do some shopping and have street food! If you know you way around, Namdaemun Market, Myeongdong Cathedral, Bank of Korea Museum and various shopping malls are nearby - although Hoehyeon station maybe closer to Namdaemun market. You have to try", December 2019,"London, United Kingdom"
47,5.0,Could easily lose a day here so much to see and explore. ,Very interesting place to wonder around. So many shops and side streets full of shops. So many Korean beauty products and also Tom’s flavoured Almond shops. Also there is also a big Art box here as well.  It gets busy during the day but that is nothing compared to nighttime when, December 2019,"Tokyo, Japan"
48,5.0,All your beauty needs,"Myeongdong shopping street has all the beauty goods you need to find, every brand , every product. The freebies that comes with every purchase is also quite generous. Watch out for periodic value 1+1 buys if you intend to stay few days.", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
49,5.0,Shopping Haven!,There’s no shortage of Korean beauty products here. However if you’re looking for just about anything else chances are you’ll find it here. There’s also lots of food choices available. , December 2019,"Redlands, California"
50,5.0,Shop till you drop .,Shopping street is interesting and fun for everyone . Ladies are the happiness because we get to buy fashionable items ., December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
51,5.0,I went for the street food!,"Myeongdong is chock-full of shops selling most things, but for me it is a place for beauty products and girly nic-nacs...and street food.   Towards the evening time the area fills with folk selling all kinds of Korean food...BBQ, stir frys, snacky bits and dumplings. I love love", November 2019,"Oxford, United Kingdom"
52,5.0,Perfect Night Street,"This Myeongdong Street seems never ending road. Before our legs breaks from sores, there are still lots more and more to walk. Filled with many nearby shopping centres and of course street food. It’s very Yummy and walking down the streets during winter is superb cooling for us!", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
53,5.0,Night Street Foodies Of Myeongdong 😋😋😋,"Night street of famous Myeongdong Street Night Foods, famous for its nightlife packs with people around. Had the lobsters baked cheese with read bean and Chocolate pancake that is so delicious and tasty. Is a night so lively not to be missed, environment and atmosphere is always", December 2019,"Petaling Jaya, Malaysia"
54,4.0,bustling and super crowded ,"As part of our tour itinerary, we visited the Myeongdong street for a couple of hours. There is a Lotte duty free mall nearby as well, though its more for branded goods. The Myeongdong street was packed with locals and tourists alike. Most of the shops are selling cosmetics,", December 2019,"Penang Island, Malaysia"
55,5.0,Food and shopping paradise street,Located just along the train station. This place boasts a lot of fashion shopping and food( both street food and restaurants). Really a haven for the foodies even in winter. , December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
56,4.0,Tourist friendly spot in Seoul!,"Myeongdong Street is super tourist friendly; there are many shops, cafes, restaurants as well as lots of street food and shopping. Most places have English speakers and/or menus, so it is easy to find what you want. This is also cosmetics center, so if you like or want any of", December 2019,"Osaka, Japan"
57,5.0,Great shopping,"Perfect place for first timer. U get food and u get shopping. This is the place to shop for beauty products. Night market starts at about 4pm where vendors start setting up, buzzling till 11.30pm. very convenient with Myeongdong station and euljiro 1(San) station nearby.", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
58,3.0,A place to visit if you are into cosmetics,"Street is full of shops selling cosmetics. Sellers will try to lure you into their shops by offering you free mask. In the evening, there will be lots and lots of vendors selling street food. Price of food in this area are generally more expensive than other places like Hongdae,", December 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
59,5.0,Street shopping,Plenty of stuff to buy especially souveniers. My kids bought loads of socks😊 for themselves as well as for friends. Fila stores are almost everywhere and the shoes are a bargain. Vendors start to setup their carts only around 3pm onwards so will be better to go there after 3pm, December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
60,5.0,Love it! ,2nd time here and I really love it here; bustling and full of energy.  Bought so much stuff here; really went crazy with the shopping 🤤 , December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
61,4.0,Loved the street food ,"Surprisingly, of all the places that I have been to that are famous for street food such as Taiwan and Thailand, I actually like Seoul. I guess the only drawback for Seoul is that the street food is quite expensive and not exactly value for money. However, taste wise I really", December 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
62,5.0,Exciting Place in the winter session,I loved the food street there. If you want to find Korean original Cosmetic you better going to Young Lottee shopping(DutyFree). The difference shopping etude product  between Shaila duty free and MeyngDong is the number of things (package)and expired date ( pls check).  Of, December 2019,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
63,5.0,Nice place. ,"Just beside Line 4 Myeongdong station exit 5, 6 7, 8, 9 n 10. A lot branded shop, hawker food stall, souvenir shop etc. ", December 2019,"Batu Pahat District, Malaysia"
64,5.0,Travel and Tourism,"Awesome place with friendly people ، clean erea , cheap cosmetics products , also street food must try . ", December 2019,"Dubai, United Arab Emirates"
65,5.0,Myeongdong shopping streets,"Filled with cosmetic shops, clothes, cafes, Korean restaurant and so on. Suitable for shopping, dining,hanging  etc.. Very cool during the winter...", December 2019,Malaysia
66,4.0,Food haven!,"I am not much into shopping, but you can see scores of people going on a shopping spree there. Try to go in the evening, there are lots of eateries and a very long food street with lots of choices. Food street is not that cheap though, it can cost you KRW 15,000-20,000 per", November 2019,Malaysia
67,5.0,Shopping galore,"The family loved Myeongdong that we came back more than 4x during our two weeks stay in Seoul. It is different when going in daytime and nighttime.  It is more lively at night with street food vendors putting up in front of the shops selling shoes, beauty products, clothes etc. ", December 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
68,5.0,Great for shopping ,"It was my favorite place to go around and browse. There is also plenty options to have lunch and dinner, aside from the lovely street food! The croissants are great ", December 2019,"Belo Horizonte, MG"
69,3.0,so many people,shopping was fun and reallllllly Interesting the food was delicious.. but there were too many people, December 2019,"Atlantic City, New Jersey"
70,5.0,Eat...Eat...Eat Some More.,"Wife and I only had two days in South Korea, so we had to be very selective in the things we wanted to see/do. Tripadvisor pointed me to this destination so we decided to give it a shot. I honestly cannot tell you how much I ate that night, but I can tell you it was a near", October 2019,"Carrollton, Texas"
71,3.0,Pricey Street Food,"I stayed 4 nights in Myeongdong. If you are into beauty n skincare, this place is for you. Lots of masks, toiletries and skincare on sale. As for street food, it’s rather pricey, and sometimes prices vary from stall to stall. A stick of fish cake can cost krw 1000 to krw 4000. I", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
72,4.0,Myeongdong shopping/street food,Amazing energy in this city. The crowd just continues to bustle up to 11pm with street food vendors and ‘face mask pushers’ in a backdrop of visual stimulus of bright neon lights and aesthetic display of modern shops.   Great exposure and almost like a smorgasbord of Korean food, December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
73,5.0,SHOPPERS HEAVEN,"My husband and I love shopping and this is a must! There is quite a verity of shops here, lots of cosmetics. If you enjoy shopping and people watching this is the place for you!", October 2019,"Tullahoma, Tennessee"
74,4.0,"Fancy, but worth seeing","Lots of brands here. There are deals to be found, but it's more like a pretty high end outdoor mall. There is a soup and dumpling place here that rocked my socks though.", December 2019,"San Francisco, California"
75,4.0,Myeongdong Shopping Street,Quite a shoppers delight mostly for young women.  This shopping area features are Korean skin care and cosmetics products. Many of the cosmetic shops offer samples in addition to 50% or more discount for purchases if bought in quantity. You can also have duty free purchases over, November 2019,"Coquitlam, Canada"
76,4.0,Beauty shop,Beauty shops are in every corner. After buying their products they will give you free facial mask (10pcs) or their new launch make-up. Street foods have the same pricing. So accessible to MTR., December 2019,"Mandaluyong, Philippines"
77,4.0,First holiday at Korea ,Stayed right at the beginning of Myeongdong shopping street. Street have a wide variety of Korean speciality Street food. Having hot fish cake in a soup cup is unbelievable on a freezing cold winter night. The strawberries are superb as well. Since the street caters primarily to, December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
78,5.0,Best place to shop,"Best place to buy cosmetic products, shoes & clothes. Offers variety of street foods. Unfortunately all are not HALAL for muslim travellers. Good place to hang out. ", December 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
79,4.0,Shopping walking street.,It is the same night market every where. There are normal goods. A lot of  Masks and skin care are sole there. Natural Publish is good quality and popular in Korea. You  must try fried lobster in street. It is fresh and nice. Beef steak is nice too., June 2019,"Hanoi, Vietnam"
80,4.0,Crowded everyday,"Crowded everyday and it has so many skin care shop especially face sheet mask and one time a salesman tried to trick me with giving me a sheet mask for free but when i want to get it, they try to pull me inside their store 🤦🏻‍♀️😀", November 2019,Indonesia
81,4.0,Interesting place to visit with lots of street food to try.,"Went here in the midst of winter, in the rain at -6 degrees.  Despite the weather, the place was crowded with tourists trying all sorts of street food from cheesy baked scallops to cream puffs. In addition, one can try all sorts of beauty products and cosmetics which is cheaper", December 2019,"Kuching, Malaysia"
82,4.0,Great deals,Loved the shopping around here. Everything we wanted for our girls trip. Can’t believe how active it is around the clock everyday of the week. Sales people in the street trying to get us into their stores was a little annoying which is why I give it 4 stars instead of 5. Great, December 2019,"Seattle, Washington"
83,5.0,Love this place!,"Shopping, eating, sightseeing...it's all here.  Almost all kinds of shops can be found here.  The street food especially at night really made our trip memorable, it was sooo good!  You can see different kinds of people walking around, fun to walk around here.", November 2019,paranaque
84,5.0,Love the Vibe,Went with wife and 2 teenage girls....enough said. We were surrounded by street food stalls and more importantly cosmetics shops throwing free gifts at us., December 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
85,4.0,Very Happening and Crowded,"Visited for the second time after a span of 4 years. Still lots of thing to see, street food, shops malls, etc... Now malls re all decorated with Christmas lightings. Make sure u don't miss the street food.", December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
86,4.0,Place to go for food and cosmetics,"During the day this is a street of cosmetics and young fashion, interesting enough and with plenty of restaurants of all Korean varieties with a couple of western ones as well. A labyrinthine network of little streets with shops and restaurants for all tastes. But in the evening", November 2019,"Bangkok, Thailand"
87,5.0,Go at night!!!,"Sure, you can go during the day but at night this place truly comes alive, especially on weekends.  About 3 blocks square, the food stalls congregate along one strip and it is on this strip that we spent most of our time as we are foodies.  From live octopus to egg cake, fruit", November 2019,"Kelowna, Canada"
88,4.0,Amazing street food,Love the street food in this place. There are a lot of variety compared to some markets. Slightly pricey for the food but quite standard throughout the street I.e. no need to look for best price or haggle.   It was quite crowded on a weekday night (wednesday) up to 930pm when we, December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
89,5.0,Fantastic Street Food,I stay at the hotel at Myeongdong and had most of my meals here. Great Korean restaurant as well as street food. Hot food during the cold weather. Not to be missed., December 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
90,4.0,Shopping trip at Myeongdong,"Great place to go shopping, easy to get too and lots of places to eat if you are hungry I would suggest a week day if possible as weekends are just too busy", December 2019,"Buan-gun, South Korea"
91,5.0,LOVE MYEONGDONG!,Myeongdong supplies all my needs from yummy food to egg toasts to Tom's Farm flavoured almonds to skincare and makeup!!!  Highly recommended to stay in the Myeongdong area as u can stroll through the night market each night after u are done touring tourist attractions in the day!, November 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
92,5.0,Myeongdong,"Myeongdong is a great place to shop, eat and a place to meet up Korean friends. It is easy to locate and easy to reach. It is just two stops away from Seoul.   It has lots of facial, skin products, trend clothing and foods. It even has a gun range! You can try it for the first", December 2019,"Singapore, null, Singapore"
93,5.0,"Shop, shop, shop!",A good place to shop! There are lots of stores to see from skincare to fashion. I recommend going to Music Korea if you're a K-Pop Fan since they sell albums at a cheaper price! Don't miss out on the food carts on the main street. You'll definitely miss it once you're home!!, December 2019,"Las Pinas, Philippines"
94,5.0,Be prepared for sensory overload!,"Soak it all in- the crowds, the street food vendors, retail vendors, noise, smells, etc. Try the spectrum of street food- you won’t regret it. Oh yes, if you get lost and don’t know where north or south is, look for the people wearing red (I think they are known as the Red", November 2019,"Mississauga, Canada"
95,4.0,Cosmetics and foof,"Great place to spend an evening. Many shops with great deals of cosmetic product. At the end of the road there are some multi storey malls with amazing food ""delicatesen"" in the basement.", November 2019,"Thessaloniki, Greece"
96,5.0,Shopping mecca of Seoul,"Myeongdong is a must visit when in Seoul, no doubt about it. Not too far from some of the major sights and palaces of Seoul, this area is defined by its street food stalls and alleys full of branded shops. The streets are packed with tourists and locals alike, plenty of", September 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
97,5.0,Honey Butter Almond Lovers ,"A great beauty care shopping experience as you'll be spoiled wilth various brands- Tony Moly, Etude House, Face Shop, Laneige- just to name a few. Just in case you missed 1 outlet, worry not.  As there are other Franchisees around.   Also there are alot of souvenir shops around.", November 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
98,5.0,"Vibrant place, great street food ",Had heard so much about this shopping area but what was on display went beyond all that. This is the place for korean beauty products. Lots and lots of street food joints and you will be spoilt for choices. The food looks visually appearing and everything we tried was yummy. The, April 2019,"Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), India"
99,5.0,Worth a Visit,"Very festive place. All kinds of shops, plenty of restaurants, street foods, etc. It is always crowded. Definitely worth a visit when you are in Seoul. And if you need Won, those small currency exchange kiosks in Myeongdong have very favorable exchange rate, as long as you have", November 2019,"Cupertino, California"
100,4.0,"It's cosmetics, cosmetics and more cosmetics.  ",Interesting place if you're looking for cosmetics. Go for the street food as the restaurants here serve Korean food that's below par with a higher price.  It's hard to bargain even with the stalls and mom-pop kind of retail outlets as I have the impression that they have fixed, November 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
101,4.0,A great shopping experience ,This street is simply a good visit. There are all kinds of shops from stalls to big departmental stores and prices vary accordingly. It has great street food especially at night and it’s a good place to interact with everyday Koreans. It’s worth a visit , November 2019,"Lagos, Nigeria"
102,5.0,So lovely and vibrant ,"This area got it all. Small shops big departments store, food street and restaurants. Gets very busy late evening specially on weekends. ", November 2019,"Nyon, Switzerland"
103,5.0,Shopping Heaven,"Even if you are not a shopaholic, you would agree that this place is a shopping heaven especially for cosmetics. There's a lot of brands you can find here without good price. Find shop called, Baviphat where the items here are much cheaper than the other shops. If you are buying", October 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
104,4.0,Shop. Snack. Repeat.,"Fun place to wander around at night and stock up on k-beauty supplies. Shop employees will be handing out “free” sheet masks in exchange for ushering you into the stores and trying to make a sale, so be prepared lol. This place gets packed after dark w/ tourists and locals", October 2019,"Newport Beach, California"
105,3.0,Fun after dark,Good place to spend an hour. Go after dark when the street food vendors have set up and the stores are still open. A bit touristy but good fun nonetheless., November 2019,"San Miguel de Allende, Mexico"
106,5.0,The Happening Spot! ,"A good spot to spent your evening here - plenty of food stalls and others like clothing, souvenirs, cosmetics accessories, etc. Take your time to walk from one end of the street to the other. A must visut place whenever you're in Seoul. ", November 2019,"Kuching, Malaysia"
107,5.0,Food!!!,One of the best place for hawker food in Seoul plus shopping! Cold weather this time and there’s a Nanta Show here!, November 2019,Malaysia
108,5.0,Must visit,"Day and night both speak the local food and shopping culture - delicious and interesting street food, most trendy beauty and clothing shops. Unquestionably crowded but amazing just to walk around!", July 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
109,5.0,Myeongdong Shopping,"This is a crazy and great shopping district where there are a lot of lanes that you can cover. Definitely a place that you can visit a few times during your stay in Seoul. A lot of things can be found there like clothing, skin care, food etc...", November 2019,Singapore
110,4.0,A must do in Seoul,This is a must do if you visit Seoul! The street food is fantastic. It however gets really crowded and you see the same cosmetic shops scattered all over the place. The staff at the cosmetic shops here are not as friendly as those in other parts of Seoul and not so willing to, September 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
111,5.0,Great area to walk around,"This a great area to walk around, do some shopping if you're into that and also to eat. You can walk to the cable car that will take you to the Seoul Tower from there and there is also a church that you can visit. Overall is a good place to visit as there are multiple options", November 2019,"Guadalajara Metropolitan Area, Mexico"
112,5.0,Street Food!,"First night in Seoul, we head over after dinner not knowing what to expect.  We used an undercrossing, and as soon as you started back up the stairs, the smell of cooking food was like a beacon.   Lining both sides and in the center of the streets were random booths, selling", November 2019,"Los Angeles, California"
113,5.0,Late night shopping and great street food,"We came in at 9pm and the streets were still bustling. Most of the stores closed at 11pm so we had fun looking around the shops and the stalls, eating street food along the way.", November 2019,"Quezon City, Philippines"
114,4.0,짱 - Myeongdong Street Food,"Myeongdong Street Food - 짱 ♡ almost all of the food at the Myeongdong Street Food Should try : Gimbap, Eomuk, Dak-kkochi, Hotteok, Bingsu, Ppopgi, Yangnyeom-chikin, Cheesy Grilled Mussel, Jokbal, Bossam, Japchae, Jajangmyeon, Okonomiyaki, Grilled Garlic Butter Shrimp,", November 2019,"Singapore, Singapore"
115,5.0,This Is One Of the Best Shopping Spots in the World,"I brought my wife here and it was like she was in Disneyland. I’m not into shopping, but it made her super happy. Everything is very cheap with decent quality. It’s not all beauty and makeup products, but it’s definitely a woman shopping zone.", July 2019,"Luang Prabang, Laos"
116,5.0,This is real experience!,Myeongdong reminded us of Harajuku - it's filled with street food vendors and little shops (mostly clothing and skin care/cosmetics).  Great for people watching or getting amongst the throng and wandering around a bit!, November 2019,Sydney
117,4.0,Shopping palace and street food paradise,"Must try the street food even some are repeatings.  For the street clothes stall, we noticed that they are not putting any price tag. I guess if you are tourist, they will just quote you higher price. Please be alert and aware. Of course, the cosmetics is alot and many brands to", October 2019,"Melaka, Malaysia"
118,4.0,Street food extravaganza!,"This is a must do when in Seoul; the street food and whole area comes alive especially at nighttime. Indulge and enjoy... from hearty dishes to dessert, there is something to everyone’s taste.  It’s packed with people but generally easy to navigate. Shopping is an added bonus", November 2019,"Hong Kong, China"
119,3.0,Cheap stuff,"Many shops with cheap stuff, a lot of face masks and cosmetics etc. Been there 1 hour nothing interesting ", November 2019,"Zurich, Switzerland"
120,5.0,Beauty paradise,A delightful street sprawled with endless beauty shops makes one lost for choice..but rest assured the cosmetics sold are Korean products and clearly labelled.Shop assistants are happy to explain if there's a need. There are freebies handed out at almost every shop and lots of, April 2019,"London, United Kingdom"
121,3.0,Shopping area,"If you love shopping , beauty products , clothes and food., you must go there and i really like this overcrowded area specialy at night with crazy food stands...a real must i would say. Also you can visit Seoul tower and hannam village.", October 2019,"Zutphen, The Netherlands"
122,3.0,Busy shopping street,"A lot of shopping options. Good street food options, but we had dinner prior, so we couldn't really eat anymore. Street food probably a bit expensive relatively compared to the restaurant options.  Many shops, a lot of tourists, and a bit difficult to move around as there were", December 2018,"Melbourne, Australia"
123,4.0,Shopping and Streetfood,"The first thing we saw stepping out of the taxi is the KoreaMart. We then proceeded to shop for unique Korean snacks, Maxim coffee, chocopie, all kinds of face masks, as pasalubong.  We also tried the streetfood of sausage&tekkbokki, fish cake on a stick. We were too full to try", October 2019,"Paranaque, Philippines"
124,5.0,“Amazing shopping Street in Seoul”,It’s definitely one of the most attractive street for shopping in Seoul and it’s highly recommended especially during the sales time.  The shops open till 11 PM and most restaurants open till mid night.  It’s good place for hanging around with friends and family especially, November 2019,"Sharjah, United Arab Emirates"
125,5.0,Myeongdong,Nice shopping street.  Suggest to go during early Nov as the cooling weather can ensure you won’t sweat while shopping around here. Recommend to try Innisfree Green cafe.  Nice soufflé., November 2019,"Seoul, South Korea"
126,5.0,The best of Seoul,"I spent 9 days in Seoul and must have gone to Myeongdong 3 or 4 times, I loved everything about this place, specially the night market with loads of good food. Definatly one of the best neighborhoods in Seoul.", November 2019,"Brasilia, DF"
127,5.0,Awesome! Go at night!,Very cool night market with many fun street vendor foods to try. Bustling with activity all hours of the night., November 2019,"East Haddam, Connecticut"
128,5.0,Great face cream shopping.,Close to Lotte Hotel. Short walking distance and discovering little shops. Lovely Korean face creams found here., October 2019,"Clear Island Waters, Australia"
129,4.0,Great shopping experience,There are so many shops here of various sizes selling a variety of items. At night a large number of food and drink stalls are set up with a. huge variety of tasty Korean foods. It does get very busy but well worth a visit, October 2019,"Sydney, Australia"
130,4.0,Awesome for shopping,"A must visit shopping street if you really love to shopping or like to window shopping.you can get everything from here. Even at night you will feel like morning here.  A place where  you can shop, observe people.   A lot tourist you can see here with various style of seller and", October 2019,"Johor Bahru, Malaysia"
131,4.0,Street food and cosmetics haven,Love the tiny shops selling cheap and good cosmetics and yummy street food! The energy of the place is great! Totally enjoyed it., December 2018,"Singapore, Singapore"
132,5.0,Crazy shopping and street food fun,"Many shops to shop and plenty of street food stalls, even halal food are available. Many options to buy souvenirs to bring home for family and friends", October 2019,Kuala Lumpur
133,4.0,Nice food and Shooping ,"Very popular place. Clean and lot of tourists, the food is exciting and clean especially in street. There specialty shops around the area. The ambiance are very celebrating. Will coming back again for our next Holiday. Thank you ", December 2018,"Pasig, Philippines"
134,4.0,Wide variety of foods and shopping items but too crowded,"The place was swarming with tourists and locals alike, but the dizzying scene was compensated by the delicious street foods and a plethora of shopping options. Then again, food prices were too pricy. Anyway, if you're in for your first experience in Seoul, this area should be", October 2019,"Iloilo City, Philippines"
135,3.0,Crowded,Myeongdong is not what it used to be. Totally disappointed ☹️ streets filled by food vendors and most of clothing shops converted to make up shops:(, November 2019,"Alexandria, Virginia"
136,5.0,Shopping and Food Paradise,A great place to have anything in affordable and reasonable price. You will love this place and to me is better than others country with such place. Trust me you won't regret as the variety of food and goods to buy is pretty awesome..., September 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
137,5.0,Let's shopping!!!,"So many shops and nice restaurants,cafe,etc... Start 4pm street foods. One day can spend this site. If with little kids bit hard area I think,coz so many peoples here.", October 2019,"Cairns, Australia"
138,4.0,Excellent Night Market ,"The night market is a must to visitors here... an excellent variety of local el fresco food available to cater for all and some even sell Halal food. There are also retail outlets adjacent mostly selling cosmetics, sport shoes, etc ! ", November 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
139,5.0,Good for shopping ,"Very alive and vibrant area, for me a good place to explore when in Seoul and it’s best to go there late in the afternoon and in the evening when food stalls are lining in the streets with different varieties of street food. One of the special thing to visit in this area is the", November 2019,"Kriens, Switzerland"
140,4.0,Exciting modern shopping area spread over several streets.,"This area is a must for travellers to visit. If you are into Labels you will find them all here. Also street food, cafes and coffee shops. Also a pretty impressive cathedral for those interested in such. ", October 2019,"Brisbane, Australia"
141,4.0,Food and shopping ,"A must go in Seoul. Opens till 11-12am. Tows of street food and shopping. Grab s ok me facial masks for your girlfriends and wives. Go for the bbq pork skewers, cheese lobsters and boba tea. Skip the fried chicken cutlet and red bean porridge. ", October 2019,"Doha, Qatar"
142,5.0,Great busy shopping district,Great place to shop. All of them are smaller shops on both sides of the street and there is no traffic in the street so everybody goes there., October 2019,"Voyageurs National Park, Minnesota"
143,5.0,Best Street Food Ever,"The Myeongdong Market was easy to get to and the street food was the best. You Can sample fried chicken, octopus, escargot, squid, coffee and shop for clothing. There are so many vendors we loved it.", October 2019,"Province of Vicenza, Italy"
144,5.0,Face Products and Food Galore!,"When I think of Korea, I think of 2 main things: face products and yummy food! The Myeongdong Night Market helped to kill 2 birds with 1 stone. First off, this market is crowded and very lively. There booths set up on the streets selling food, clothes, and souvenirs. The food", October 2019,"Kapolei, Hawaii"
145,5.0,So much going on ,"If you want to shop, eat, drink or just watch the hectic Seoul world stroll by then this is the place for you. There is so much activity, lights, people but it is all safe and interesting. A highlight was the Korean Fried Chicken and beer - I am not a shopper.", October 2019,"Melbourne, Australia"
146,5.0,"Shopping, food and loads of fun",Highly recommend those who are interested in shopping (clothing/cosmetics) to stay in the area. The street comes alive at night when the food vendors push out their carts. Avoid the overly westernized foods as they are pricey and not very tasty. For those purchasing face, November 2018,"Melbourne, Australia"
147,2.0,Food street,"We had a fabulous time shopping and trying the various foods sold along the streets in Myeongdong. The rose ice cream (6000KRW) was especially pretty and yummy. Green tea/yoghurt/strawberry flavour and also chocolate flavour. We also enjoyed Egg Bread (2000KRW), Chestnut, Ginko", October 2019,"Perth, Australia"
148,5.0,Tons of Fun,"If you like shopping and street food, this is the place to go. Tons of food choices from sweets, fried chicken, churros, meats, seafood, etc, and lots of local foods you won't see anywhere else. It all smelled delicious even though I couldn't sample any of it because of food", October 2019,"Sykesville, Maryland"
149,5.0,Myeongdong will not disappoint you,If you are in the Myeongdong area you can get anything you need from here .... from bargains to upscale products as there is a Lotte department store here too.   Not shopping but on a food trip??? Restaurants abound from fine dining to street food. Whatever your heart desires, October 2019,Philippines
150,3.0,great people watching ,"I was not in a shopping mood but I explored the area as part of my vacation workout  too much food to choose from.  check out the live seafood (eels and octopus)  cute police station, good place to exchange currency.  I saw only 1 street bum.  beauty products.... look at the foam", October 2019,"East Granby, Connecticut"
151,3.0,"Bussy, late night shopping ",Most of the shops closes at 11pm. Restaurant closes earlier. Very busy area with lots and lots of cosmetic shops everyone trying to lure you in with free samples.   Food stalls offers typical street food of Korea.   Worth a visit once. , October 2019,"London, United Kingdom"
152,5.0,Lively ,"Very lively little street at night, both a mix of local culture and lights alongside European influences.", October 2019,"Brighton, United Kingdom"
153,4.0,Favorite shopping place,It is best for cosmetics specially the facial masks. The merchants are helpful and willing to give you samples and extra bonus if you buy some. Street foods are many variettes but so so but it is fun to try ., October 2019,"Orange County, California"
154,5.0,Shopping and Food madness,"Every major city in Asia has a shopping area and combined with food stalls. Seoul has one and this place is crazy, especially in the evening hours. While the shop keepers try to lure you in to buying cosmetics, streets are lined with food stalls from either side with plenty of", October 2019,"Cincinnati, Ohio"
155,4.0,come early for enjoying the shopping experience,"If you the type of person who enjoy shopping then Myeongdong is the place for you. from cosmetics, shoes, t-shirt, souvenirs even food you can get in here. if you come in the afternoon, the area is not that packed with people but there's no street food but if you come in the", July 2019,"Jakarta, Indonesia"
156,4.0,Best street shops,"It's a best street shop for food and drink and sweet ,, cofe The street have a shops and both they sell every thing  You can spend 5 ,6 hours", October 2019,"Kuwait City, Kuwait"
157,5.0,"A must experience, must do!","This is what we were looking for, an experience of sound, light, food, and aromas that assault your senses. As soon as we began our walk through the area we knew this was the real Seoul we has come to see. Crowded streets filled with pedestrians, flashing neon, and a cornucopia", October 2019,"Surrey, Canada"
158,4.0,Worth an experience,"I visited the night market and it was quite a pleasant walk, just looking at things. This place sells mainly skincare, clothes and street food. The variety of skin care brands and products is so wide but I did not buy anything. Mainly because I was not sure which ones are good", October 2019,"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia"
159,5.0,You are not Pushed Here,"Visited at night when the shopping street becomes a night market after a plethora of booths, almost all selling street food, are set up in the middle of the road.  Because the streets containing the market are wide, there is plenty of room to walk comfortably, without", October 2019,"Ramat Gan, Israel"
160,5.0,Mecca for everything  SKIN CARE and more ,"My daughter and I stayed at a hotel right in the center of Myeongdong and proved to be the most convenient! If you are looking for anything For skin care.... this is absolutely the place. Do your research about Korean beauty products, there are a million brands ... it is quite", October 2019,"Metro Manila, Philippines"
