,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Brilliant show! Well worth it,"We weren’t sure what to expect from Cookin’ Nanta we anticipated slapstick comedy and people shouting which isn’t far from what it was. They really built a good story and had some hilarious bits in there, there was crowd involvement as well.  All in all a really fantastic show", January 2020
1,5.0,worth to see,hilarious! Non verbal performance. Exaggerating gestures and comical facial expressions make the show suitable for both young kids and adults. The cast was able to respond quickly to the audience reactions to various parts of the skit. Great work!, December 2019
2,5.0,Great show,"This is my second time to watch NANTA show. I bring my little one with me this time. He enjoyed it so much, and ranked it as his most favorite activity of his holiday in Seoul. Thank you for the great performance by the black team!", December 2019
3,5.0,Myeongdong NANTA Theater,"Great show. Very funny and engaging. My daughter laughed throughout the show. We really loved it, Would watch this again next time we are in Seoul.", December 2019
4,3.0,Somewhat entertaining,"After the opening of the show which began with a slow performance, things got interesting when the cast started cooking. It was hilarious at some parts but the actions were repetitive and the chopping/cooking scenes were not exciting. I would not recommend making a special trip to watch the show.", December 2019
5,5.0,"Unbelievable Performance, thumbs up!","First time to attend a performance in a foreign country, not knowing what to expect.  But you don't need to understand Korean in order to appreciate this show.  The actors/actress was very professional, talented, and hilarious. Our family had a good 90-minute laugh and blast!  Highly recommended for anyone who's in for a good humour :)  The crew is to be commended, bravo!", December 2019
6,5.0,Great,"Watching for second time, this time together with Brother’s family. Kids love it. Very entertaining.", December 2019
7,5.0,Fantastic show!,"This show was so entertaining, in every way! It is funny, has great music and rhythm, lights, and surprises. Everything is mostly nonverbal so any language can understand it. This was my family’s highlight of our trip!", December 2019
8,5.0,Nanta Show - Cook at Myeongdong Theatre,Absolutely fun and very interactive international show. Small cozy theater which allow the audience to interact well with the performer. The show and performers are legendary themselves., December 2019
9,5.0,Worth the Time,It is an entertaining show! My husband and mom watched it on our free day in Seoul. We got the black team. Very skilled and talented actors and actresses. No regrets on this :), December 2019
10,5.0,Have a great experience,The show is very nice. The best part of the show is on the interaction between the performer and audience. Highly recommended to watch it., December 2019
11,4.0,Nanta Show,Very entertaining for both children & adults! The theatre is not too big so the performance feels up close and personal., December 2019
12,4.0,Entertaining as per expectation,"I am more of a musical guy and not a huge fan of this type of show but I must admit that I - and my whole family, especially the teens kids - truly enjoyed it. Plot is simple and nothing new - exactly what's described in the synopsis, however, the impromptu interactions with the audience brought everyone an element of surprise which was truly funny, enjoyable and entertaining. Ticket pricing is very reasonable. The only trivial thing to nitpick is the venue - DON'T get confused with the ""Myeongdong Theater"" which is a few blocks away. The venue that hosts the NANTA show is actually a building called Unesco building in Myeongdong and the sign to the building is not very clear and it took us a while to locate it.", December 2019
13,4.0,Enjoyed it so much with all my guests,Whenever I have visitors from overseas I invite them to NANTA show.   I have never seen anyone that didn't enjoy the show regardless the age.   My youngest guest was a boy of 5 and the oldest was a gentleman at the age of 77 and they all loved it.  Especially the younger ones loved it soooo much~ I was told that they keep talking about the show after their return.   Thanks!, December 2019
14,5.0,Fun and Interesting,An interesting and funny play which my family and myself enjoyed so much... I was invited to stage to interact in one part too., December 2019
15,5.0,Wonderful show,"The show was very interesting, funny and the actors were great!!!! I definitely will recommend to my friends who go to Seoul next time. I myself will watch again when I am there again.", December 2019
16,5.0,Funny,"Funny funny funny!  Great for all ages, book your tickets at least 2 days before. My kids were enjoying it!", December 2019
17,5.0,loved it,"So much fun to watch and participate as well. Great for young kids and family, and anyone who just want to relax and have a laugh.", December 2019
18,5.0,Two thumbs up! Excellent performance with non-stop action,"We went for it with high expectations as we have heard so much about it from friends and also via online sources but the show exceeded our expectations. It was really a nice concoction of non-stop action, fun and  laughter for the whole family, all executed in perfect timing and rhythm. Already recommended it to another friend who gave the same two thumbs up. What a show!", December 2019
19,5.0,Interesting Show even for non-Korean-speaking audience,"the show is fun, hilarious and joyful. Even if you don't understand Korean, you will understand the show. enjoy.", December 2019
20,3.0,Great for children; mildly entertaining for adults,"Show is great for children and I wouldn’t say it was made for adults. Don’t get me wrong - the stunts and precision is amazing and the comedic elements provide much entertainment, but the show gets stale after 30 mins in as it relies on the same 1-2 punch throughout the 90mins. Perfect for families with young kids; not as value for money for young adults.", January 2020
21,4.0,Amazing!,The show itself was absolutely incredible! The only downside was that it was very hard to find the building and so we ended up being late and missing the opening. Because of this we didn't get to sit in the seats that we booked - so definitely give yourself extra time to find it. I would definitely see it again and plan to the next time I go to Korea, August 2019
22,4.0,the artists are handsome and pretty,"the show itself is quite entertaining,  this is not the first time that i see the show,  i watched it long long time ago and when i see it again this time, i still find it worth spending time and money to watch it once again.  a little suggestion,  if there is a section at the end that artists are willing to take photos with audiences, the atmosphere will be hot", December 2019
23,5.0,Fun and enjoyable,"Performance was powerful, beautiful, fun and really enjoyable for my wife and I.  We booked the VIP seats located in the middle of the lower section (Row I) and had a Central view in seats 7 and 8. No Korean was required to enjoy the show. We spent a bit of time trying to find the building in the middle of the busy Myeongdong shopping street, and got some help from the tourist information folks who walk around.", December 2019
24,5.0,Entertaining!,The theatre was small and hence it doesn't really matter where you are sitted as you will still get a good view. The entire show comprises of only 5 performers but it was highly entertaining. My two boys were laughing away throughout the whole performance. Definitely recommended!, December 2019
25,4.0,Myeongdong NANTA Theatre,"Our family enjoyed the show very much. We will return to watch it again, probably at the other theatre at Hongdae. Just wondering if the show at Hongdae Theatre is different from Myeongdong Theatre's?", November 2019
26,5.0,It’s a Must!,"Very entertaining, full of laughter and WoW factors throughout the show. Really salute the actors and actress, lots of effort behind the scene.", November 2019
27,4.0,Great entertainment!,"Entertaining and great performance. My husband and I enjoyed the show! If your time are more flexible, go for the non-peak hour show for good discounted rates.. We got 50% off for VIP seating zone.", November 2019
28,5.0,NANTA Myeongdong,"great laughter throughout, definitely worth the dollars..location is great with shopping & restaurants, not a dull moment..", November 2019
29,5.0,Fantastic! ,Great show for all ages. The show has a bit of everything. Highly rated and I’m glad we got a chance to see it here in Korea., December 2019
30,5.0,Delightful experience,"The show was something totally new, the actors are great and it's a funny story, well perfomed. Even if you can't speak Korean you are able to understand everything that is going on.", November 2019
31,5.0,Funny enjoyable,It was my partner’s first time at a play and she thoroughly enjoyed herself. We spent 90% of the time laughing. It was one of the highlights of our Korea trip!, November 2019
32,5.0,Must see!,It's really entertaining for family of elderly and children. They're very good in getting audiences to be involved in the performance., November 2019
33,5.0,Hilarious show. I would recommend it for everyone.,"The Nanta is a fun show that I believe would appeal to most people. Comedy, good beats, fun theme, and even a bit of action and romance.", November 2019
34,5.0,Very funny and entertaining,Tickets were easy to book online and collect on-site. The show was most entertaining and location was convenient. Well worth it., November 2019
35,5.0,Amazing performance,"The actors were so full of energy and the entire performance was such a unique experience. It was funny and easy to understand even if you do not speak Korean. I watched it alone as I was on a solo trip, but I had such an amazing time. Definitely recommending this to everyone who goes to Seoul.", November 2019
36,5.0,Awesome !!!!,"Exellent show, my friend told that he already seen 10 times but not get bored. Different band you got different experience", November 2019
37,5.0,First Time Visitor Seoul Myeongdong,"Show was great, thank you for the great performance with so much comedy. Artists/performers were skilful executing moves with precision. We laughed our heart out throughout the show.", November 2019
38,5.0,Good fun,Really good fun with audience participation and lots of laughs from everyone at the show. Would recommend to anyone going to Seoul, November 2019
39,5.0,We had a Blast!,We had a wonderful time sitting close and even getting to participate in the show. They were comical and a joy to watch!, November 2019
40,3.0,"OK show, bad package","While the overall show was entertaining, I was disappointed regarding the package that came along with it.  The package included dinner tickets to a certain restaurant, and this restaurant had no indication that it was separate from the theatre itself.  No separate address was listed, only that dinner would be served along with the show.  I felt like this was very misleading and also a waste of money.  The person I went with had to leave the next day, so we did not get to enjoy the full cost of what we spent.", October 2019
41,5.0,Enjoyed it more than I expected!,"The show was funny, entertaining and the performers did a good job of interacting with the audience. The theater is fairly small so no matter where you sit, you get a good view of the show.", November 2019
42,5.0,overall great fun,"Quite difficult initially to buy tickets due to the limited number of credit cards they accept. A little tricky to find the theatre, you are best with a map on your phone. Once there it is easy to sort out your reservation and there are plenty of places to eat/ drink whilst waiting for the show. The show, very slapstick based, was great fun and well worth the visit. Mainly non-verbal so suitable for any language. There is audience participation and you may get pulled on to the stage (not sure how easy it is to say no!). The price was good value (we got early bird tickets on line).", September 2019
43,5.0,Nanta Show in Seoul,We are an Australian family and I booked this evening performance even though we don’t speak Korean. Reviews said we didn’t need to and they were right. It was a fabulous show with drumming visual humour and martial arts. Quick paced with audience participation. My husband was doubtful but he was soon laughing out loud. What a professional show and great timing. I laughed till I cried. My 15 year old loved it. Highly recommend. There are two theatres to see it. We went to Myeongdong and was easy to find in the market area. Don’t miss it., October 2019
44,5.0,Don't Miss This!,If you do nothing else in Seoul you MUST see this performance. Think Stomp meets Blue Man meets Gallagher meets Benihana and then multiply it by 100. But good luck finding the place. Taxis can't go down the street. It's kind of between a makeup store and the police station inside what looks like the lobby to an office building. No sign outside that I could see. And when you come out of the show the street food market is right there. I would suggest the 5:00 p.m. show so you're out by 7:30-7:45 and then just eat your way up the street.  Try to sit as close to the stage as you can but the theater is small so I don't think there are any bad seats. I would say good for ages 7 or 8 and up.  These performers are amazing., October 2019
45,5.0,Good for young and old,"I travel with my sister, my 13-year old, and my 82-year old mom.  With such diverse age group, it’s a bit tricky to find something that could please everyone.  Based on the rave reviews, I took a chance and got 4 VIP tickets. I am so glad I did it as everyone love it.  It’s located on the 4th floor of a business building.  Since I transport my mom in travel wheelchair, I love the elevator and she just needs to climb a few stairs when we got to the theater.  As you could imagine, there are a lot of banging and stuff.  But, there is still a story line without much verbal communication.  I think it’s much better than Blue Man GroupIn US.  If you are still pondering whether or not to see this show, I think you should give it a go. You will enjoy a fun and relaxing evening!", October 2019
46,5.0,10/10 Nanta Show,The Nanta show has lots of slapstick humour with audience interaction. This includes flying props into the audience and inviting audience members to the stage to play mini-games. Side stories like the love story and the rivalry bring more enthusiasm into the feeling of the show. I would recommend going here for a great nighttime treat! 10/10 would go again! (GREEN TEAM IS THE BEST!), September 2019
47,5.0,Great last night in Seoul,"We had a great time watching Nanta.  It is a live, mostly non-verbal show that includes real knives and flames.  The percussion and theatrics were very entertaining.  My husband was selected from the audience to participate.  He was a good sport and would normally not volunteer.  He had a great time and now we have this wonderful memory.  Worth the time and cost of admission.", October 2019
48,5.0,Great entertainment,"We were early, which was good since it took us a while to find the theater's entrance.Once we were seated we started to get annoyed of listening to the same song for what seemed like a long period.The performers were great! They interact a lot with the audience and made us (young and old) laugh a lot.If I had the opportunity I would watch all the teams (as they had their pictures at the theater).Highly Enjoyable!", September 2019
49,5.0,it was amazing,"The show was super, my wife was invited to participate in the show as a cook. There were many fun moments when people laughed like crazy. We were with a child, and he was delighted. We spent a good time in this place. I recommend buying tickets through the website, it is will be cheaper. I was there a second time and lost some time for a search place", August 2019
50,5.0,still fun the second time around,"First watched this in 2013, had so much fun and after 6 years it's still funny and entertaining. Great job!!!", August 2019
51,5.0,Excellent show,our whole family from 10 years old to 90 years old enjoyed it very much.  Highly recommend to see the show, August 2019
52,5.0,A nice surprise!,"I didn't expect this kind of show actually ! it was energetic, nice, fun, and really fun ! I spent, with my family, a really good time!", August 2019
53,5.0,Amazing show!,I went there with my boyfriend on his birthday. We would highly recommend the show for both adults and children., August 2019
54,5.0,Enjoyed every bit!,"Our 9, 6 and 3 year old kids loved it! We had a break from the busy shopping district of Myeongdong with this very entertaining show!", August 2019
55,5.0,Excellent show for people who like to laugh,I've never laughed so much during a show. It was better than I expected. I really recommend to go and watch it!, August 2019
56,4.0,Relaxing Show,Our family enjoyed this relaxing show.  We can't stop laughing while listening to the drum beats.  tt was a fun fun show great for family with children as well., August 2019
57,2.0,Nanta,"The show was ok, but not at all worth the money. Maybe it’s better in  other places or with other actresses as it is so famous.", September 2019
58,3.0,Not sure how to rate it.....,"It's ""okay"".... watch if you need something to do to kill time.Too busy and chaotic. Prefer more performance and less monkeying around.", August 2019
59,5.0,"Worth it, go and have a good time!","I was a bit skeptical when this show was mentioned by one of my travel companion's but it was way better than I expected. The actors were fantastic, the theatre is very nice (seats were tiered enough for a short person like me to see over the heads of the people in the row in front), and the story itself was interesting. Super clever and funny show that I would definitely recommend to anyone visiting Seoul. It was also easy to buy tickets directly from the NANTA website and they often have discounts. Just an FYI, if you order online, you still have to go pick up your tickets before the show so go at least 10-15 minutes before show time, as there may be a line to pick up tickets. Go go! Also shout to to the Blue team at NANTA Myeongdong, 수고하셨습니다!!! 바~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ㄴ.", July 2019
60,5.0,Language is not a problem.  Go see this show!,Fun story line - told through slap-stick humor and music.  Similar to a Blue Man Group type of show.  Safe for all ages - great fun!, August 2019
61,5.0,Exhilarating and Hilarious Entertainment,"The Nanta Cooking Show will keep you hooked. It's a non-verbal musical; yet it manages to capture its audience through its excellent display of drumming skills and comedic timing. It makes use of actual cooking so expect getting whiffs of aroma that would definitely whet your appetite and hearing sizzles that would make your heart flutter.It's a perfect blend of talent and creativity that appeals to a global audience. Definitely, a must-see!", March 2019
62,4.0,"Great show, funny and entertaining.",I went to watch the show alone and thoroughly enjoyed it! I think it’s great for adults and also children so a good all rounder. Lots it’s crowd participation so you never get bored. The only issue I had was in finding the theatre. It’s located above the Innisfree store on the 3rd floor but the instructions that I received in the email were not very clear to follow or accurate. I ended up arriving late and missing the first 10 minutes so I advise any tourists to leave yourself a lot of time in case you get lost like me! Once you finally do make it there though it’s worth it., July 2019
63,4.0,"Fun, Fun, Fun",I visited with my kids and worried if they feel bored and say when it is done but no worries. It is fun from the begining to end. Kids laugh a lot. We clap a lot too., July 2019
64,2.0,Unfunny,"Not funny and excruciatingly long. Did not laugh, only smiled occasionally. Not suited for British humour, much more for Americans with little sense of humour. Was too loud as well.", July 2019
65,5.0,Such a fun show!,"The Nanta show was amazing! I wasn't sure what to think because it was non-verbal, but it was hilarious and so well done. We laughed the entire time. All the performers were so charismatic and made the audience feel that we were apart of the show. My brother was called up to the stage! Overall, it was a really fun show and I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Seoul.", May 2019
66,5.0,Fantastic!,It's so good! Didn't expect to be that good. Worth the money. Suggest you pay more for the seat so you can get a good view. Highly recommended, May 2019
67,5.0,Totally enjoyed this show!,"This is a show for all ages.  It started out rather slow and I was a bit skeptical at first but once it got going it was fun.  The performers are so talented and timing is everything with many of their skits.  It definitely kept my attention and when I thought it was over it was not!  For sure, get your tickets ahead of time online.  Prices are much better.  I looked a few weeks out, did not buy, and when I went back they were advertising a special sale if buying tickets during about a three day period so I saved twice!  The show is 90 minutes with no intermission.  They have a small snack bar and also sell a few Nanta souveniers.  The venue was easy to find in Myeongdong and afterwards we were right in the heart of lots of street food to pick for dinner.  I highly recommend Nanta Theater.  A good laugh!", May 2019
68,5.0,LOL,"Went to a 5pm performance. Bought tickets at the theater (which was hard to find; it’s in the UNESCO building) within an hour of the performance and was able to get great seats in the second row (the first row is designated as a “splash”zone where you can get hit by flying food. Very entertaining show, LOL funny. The White team cast did an excellent job. You don’t need to understand Korean to enjoy it and it appeals to all ages.", June 2019
69,5.0,Exciting Show,"The show is Super entertaining and exciting , recommended to go, one of the best show I watched ....", May 2019
70,5.0,Fantastic & Unique Entertainment,Great entertainment and Silent Comedy  Korean style using the Kitchen and Cooking as the main theme. Well worth the ticket price and also the location is very close to our hotel in Myeongdong  and in the middle of all the busy shopping and eateries., May 2019
71,5.0,Great Show - Funny and Enjoyable,"Reminded me of Mayumana who is an Israeli dance troupe that combines dance, song and percussion. It was fun, the audience (mainly the VIP ones sitting at front) were asked to join the show, and overall we enjoyed it very much", May 2019
72,3.0,Extraordinary experience,"We must watch a show so much. This time is different, kitchen scenery stories and the conflict where possible there in a bit funny way to deliver. I was confuse with the location, it is inside unesco building in the myeongdong shopping street area, NOT in the myeongdong theatre building. Make sure you should arrived earlier in the myeongdong area to enjoy the ambience and find the nanta theatre. I think its overprice, but its an extraordinary experience anyway!", May 2019
73,5.0,Fantastic Show,Extremely good and entertaining show. The best I have ever seen. Recommend this show to everyone visiting Seoul., May 2019
74,5.0,I loved it!,"So entertaining, I could not stop laughing and I loved the interaction with the audience. If you are visiting Seoul you have to go and to NANTA Theatre!", May 2019
75,5.0,"MOST FANTASTIC SHOW, WORTH GOING",Absolutely fantastic hilarious amazing show.. Nothing negative to say about it. Go see it go see it! Five stars ✨ actors are sooooo talented!, May 2019
76,5.0,Excellent Cooking Themed Show for anyone to watch,Went to the show expecting it to be silly. Well it is but in a really well way. I thoroughly enjoyed it and even got to play a bit in it after being randomly selected in the audience. It was fine and they were really great on stage and made me feel at easy. Was great fun and would recommend it to anyone to go watch :), May 2019
77,4.0,Very entertaining show!,"Great way to spend an evening in Seoul. Funny, energetic, and understandable whatever language you speak.Note: the theatre if on the 2nd floor of the building so a bit tough to spot.", May 2019
78,5.0,Perfect. Must see.,"A perfect performance.Necessary stop on the evening map of Seoul.Great entertainment, lots of laughter. Perfection in every inch.I definitely recommend it.", April 2019
79,5.0,A real gem in touristy Meongdong,"My colleague and I took a group of 18 people here comprised of 15 college students and two other professors from TN. I can say without a doubt, this was a major highlight of our three-week experience. The percussion music was amazing, the delivery phenomenal, and the comedic action truly entertaining. Good job Nanta!!", May 2019
80,5.0,Amazing show from start to finish - highly recommend!!,"Fun, exciting, exhilarating, amazing in so many ways. Brilliant show, worth a visit. It’s hilarious, interactive and so much fun!", May 2019
81,5.0,"Loud, bouncy and very fun",Had a fantastic time watching the show. You don't need to understand the language to enjoy the show which is full of loud beats and fun slapstick humour. We bought the cheapest seats and still had a fantastic view of the show. Would really recommend it for a bit of fun.Make sure you get there a bit early if using google maps to navigate as we found it a bit unreliable but thats not the theatre's fault, May 2019
82,5.0,Amazinnngggggggg!!!!!!,Laughed for the entire show. So good. Couldn’t recommend it more. Definitely a must. Perfect for everyone., May 2019
83,5.0,great show,A must-watch show in Seoul. Highly recommend to those who are planning the trip to Seoul. An easy understanding show even you don't understand any Korean! Enjoy the show and enjoy the laugh!, April 2019
84,4.0,Fun even you don’t understand Korean,We went to the NANTA show in Myeongdong.  It was a cooking themed theatre production where a team of chefs at a restaurant are given a large wedding dinner order to make on short notice.  So they hurriedly try to fulfill it.  It’s supposed to be a comedy.It was fun and funny at times.  There’s minimal speaking in it so it works if you speak Korean or you don’t.  We enjoyed it and it’s not too expensive so worth a try if you want to break from shopping in Myeongdong., May 2019
85,4.0,Entertaining show,"I guess, this is a must do when you are in Seoul. Good family fun and well choreographed show that will definitely entertain.", April 2019
86,5.0,Amazing,"My wife and I were selected to participate, and we received commemorative photos to treasures our memories of the experience. Simply an amazing production and amazing cast. I wish you guys come back to the UK again as I wish to bring my friends along.", May 2019
87,5.0,Don't miss in Seoul!!,"A different kind of theater experience! A must do in seoul!!Very funny!! Great for kids too!! Small theater, you can sit anywhere and have a great view!", April 2019
88,5.0,Awesome,"Great show, very entertaining and suitable for all ages! Theatre was of a good size and so even though I was sitting on the upper floor I could still see what was going on. Highly recommended!", May 2019
89,4.0,Fun for all.,My six year old son really love this show. He was laughing so loud people around us start laughing with him., May 2019
90,5.0,Highly recommended show to catch,This is a very entertaining show and I find this worth every cent I paid. The actors and actress are very professional and their performance really made my evening an enjoying and memorable one!Highly recommended !!!, April 2019
91,5.0,Awesome!,"If you have enough time in Seoul and you love theatre, it is a must see. It is really funny and entertaining.", May 2019
92,5.0,You have to visit this show,"A very funny show, you do not need Korean to understand, it is for everyone! The timing of the performers is spot on. I didn't know what to expect, but loved the entire performance. I will go again.", April 2019
93,4.0,Great show!,Recommended to everyone even if doesn't know Korean. Really interesting and shouldn't be missed out!, April 2019
94,4.0,Entertaining,It was an entertaining show for first timers to Korea... sometimes you don't need words to put on a good show., April 2019
95,5.0,entertaining & skilful,entertaining & skillful. plot v simple almost predictable.watch once for the experience.u get discounted  tickets for sunday afternoon shows.theatre is small so sitting half hall or even at the back area is ok, April 2019
96,5.0,Excellent Fun Show!,The show is easy to understand and funny. Recommended to everyone! You won't have a dull moment during the show., April 2019
97,5.0,Great show!,"This is a funny show.  I brought my children to watch (ages 11, 8, 5) and they enjoyed it very much.  It shows the fun side of cooking, chopping vegetables, and preparing for a banquet.  The characters of Cooking Nanta make everything look easy and cool!  After watching the show, my children showed so much eagerness to help in the kitchen and in learning how to cook.  I hope Cooking Nanta continues to inspire people of all ages!", April 2019
98,2.0,Was not as good as before.,The show was not as good as before.The sound of the knifes hitting the cutting board and the tables was too loud., April 2019
99,5.0,Almost Food Porn,"Me and my wife decided to stay in Myeongdong area of Seoul because Nanta is on top of my list to see in Seoul, and oh boy they did not disappoint. If Boston has the Blueman Group, Seoul has Nanta. It is very original, and so hilarious. I never realized that the kitchen and several techniques of food preparation can become a hit show and you could die laughing watching it...they even have a school for it, you need to be a Nanta school certified before they will allow you to perform. I hope the can tour around USA someday... I want to watch it again!", June 2018
100,5.0,Hilarious for the whole family,"Nanta was the perfect evening outing for our family - we have 2 boys - 10 and 13. It's often hard to participate in night life when travelling with the kiddos, but this was great! We were all laughing out loud the whole time.", April 2019
101,5.0,theatre fun for everyone,"great family fun for when you need a break from the shopping or if the weather turns - five star performance, sounds, lights, dancing and comedy", April 2019
102,5.0,Fun and authentic show for family & friends,This is my fifth time watching the show! Everytime I visit seoul with new friends I make sure to take them to the show! They all like it and find it hilarious no matter their aga or nationality!, April 2019
103,5.0,Wonderful show !,"Funny, wonderful, creative, very enthusiastic, interacting with the audience, worth seeing, highly recommend !", April 2019
104,4.0,Fun and entertaining,We had a fun night watching the show. The actors are all very good and they definitely know how to make the audience laugh., April 2019
105,5.0,Amazing performance,Booked it online via their official website to see better discounts. No need to queue in line since it was pre-booked and paid. It was a good show even for foreigners! It was funny and a bit interactive especially for those in the front. The location was easy to go to since it's in the middle of the shopping areas., May 2019
106,5.0,Who knew Korean cooking was so great!,Great performers who created a real fun experience for all ages! One of the highlights of our visit to Seoul., April 2019
107,5.0,One of the highlights of Seoul Trip,Amazing show! Thought the kids wouldn’t enjoy but they said it’s their favorite and they laughed out loud! Glad we booked this show!, April 2019
108,5.0,A good laugh,Went with my husband and two kids (1 yo and 5yo). We hurt our stomachs laughing really hard. My 5yo laughed was happy he could laugh so loudly nobody told him to keep quiet., April 2019
109,5.0,Once you find it...,"Perfect, second time I visited. Still funny, still good. Only thing is that I didn't find the entrance for the second time. Must be me...?", April 2019
110,4.0,Worth to watch!,Very entertaining! Enjoy the Rhythm of the percussion. The performance was very unique. We also like the dance and music., April 2019
111,5.0,Great for kids!,"Should be advertised as a family show!  Our grandchildren, ages 8 and 6, loved the show, as did the other kids in the audience!  Especially the afternoon shows!", May 2019
112,5.0,Better than expected and very entertaining!,Went with my 84 year old aunt and she really enjoyed the show.  She said she's never laughed so much.  The show is nonverbal so there is no language barrier.  Very interactive and entertaining.  Highly recommend and hope to see again with husband next visit to SKorea., April 2019
113,5.0,NANTA in Seoul was great,"We attended a 5pm performance near Hongik U on a Wednesday. We paid with a discount (kind of confusing to navigate) and it did not look like there were many seats left, but the theater was only half full. I suspect you can get last-minute deals like you can in NYC for theater tickets. That said, it was definitely worth the $70 or so we spent for two seats. It was REALLY FUN!!", April 2019
114,5.0,A fun filled show,I’ve been to this show several times and have loved it each and every time. I recommend spending a little more and getting VIP seats so you are up close, April 2019
115,1.0,For kids,"Not funny, poorly executed, excruciating audience participation section. It’s not cheap but does allow you to sit down for 90 mins. Kids seemed to like it. Maybe we had high expectations?", April 2019
116,5.0,Great Show!,A must do in Seoul! Very funny and entertaining for ALL ages and audiences! I would definitely go see it again!, April 2019
117,5.0,A must show for kids and adults!,I went (24) with my mother (24++) and we both enjoyed it very much! Left me laughing with tears! They are so professional!, April 2019
118,5.0,Entertaining and there was active audience involvement,Don't miss the chance to see the show when in korea.Entertaining with surprise element towards the end - keep a lookout!, April 2019
119,5.0,We loved it!!!,The show was unexpectedly funny. Our 11yo & 15yo children loved it as much as we did and wanted to watch it again. Highly recommend!, April 2019
120,5.0,Amazing energy on stage!,"This show was a lot of fun in a small, intimate room. It is suitable to all ages, a little boy sitting next to us (4-5 years old) seemed to be having the time of his life!", April 2019
121,5.0,Second time and still love it!! ,"This is my second time watching the show. Went with my 79 years old dad and a pair of friends this time. Regardless of age, we all enjoyed the show tremendously. Sitting in between my dad and friends, I could hear their laughter throughout the show. The actors are really good at engaging the audience. Highly recommend if you are visiting Seoul.", April 2019
122,5.0,great experience,"the acrobatics and humor was very good. the musical arrangements, drumline was astonishing. a must see for seoul visitors", April 2019
123,5.0,"Hilarious, high energy show.",Absolutely loved this show. I laughed so much and enjoyed every second. A must see while in Seoul. I pre booked seats online but there seemed to be plenty available on the day to be purchased. I could not recommend this show enough. It is great for the whole family. Children were in the theatre and could be heard laughing and enjoying the show as much as adults. Very little spoken so there is no language barrier. The theatre is quite small so all seats are good., April 2019
124,5.0,"Hilarious, Brilliant, Engaging!!","It’s a lively, funny, creative and dazzling performance. I laughed so much I was in tears. It was superb. it reminded me of the blue man group. highly recommended if you are in Seoul and outside the theatre is the myeongdong food stalls and shopping. Go!!", January 2019
125,5.0,High energy show with big laughs,"The NANTA show is a must-see while in Seoul! The high energy and hilarious performance by the four chefs and manager far exceeded my expectations. Do not fret if you do not speak Korean: the show is mostly non-verbal so everyone can understand, although it does include some English punch lines too. Be prepared for some flying props! It was thoroughly entertaining and original. Much respect to the performers who clearly give their all each performance. I have been thinking about this show a lot since I have seen it and have recommended it to many of my visiting friends. I hope NANTA continues its successful track record as the longest running show in Seoul!P.S. The VIP tickets up front are worth it.", March 2019
126,5.0,"Creative, Mostly Original and Endlessly Entertaining","The Myeongdong NANTA Theater takes place in a small theater, providing you with an intimate theater experience and the opportunity to interact with the cast on-stage.  The multi-act show has an entertaining story line that plays to to the performance skills of the cast.  The cast is impressive, talented and endlessly entertaining.  The three of us left entertained and satisfied.", December 2018
127,5.0,Such a fun evening!!,I had heard that NANTA was a MUST SEE in Korea. At first we weren't sure but decided to give it a try. OMG!!! It was SO MUCH fun! The show was amazing. We laughed and had an amazing time. My 11 year old son also really enjoyed it. If you want a fun evening with lots of laughs and great entertainment definately stop in! The show is VERY MUCH worth it!, November 2018
128,5.0,Nanta in Seoul,"It was an exiting evening. I had fun, get involved, heard good music, dance, acting.It was really a good experience.", December 2018
129,5.0,NON VERBAL PERFORMANCE,My sister recommended to take my 11yo son to watch it in Seoul. we love it and want more. you don't need to understand Korean to enjoy the show....it's awesome show for all ages. highly recommended., January 2019
130,5.0,Don’t miss it,"It’s a very nice evening event. You are  around what of the most active night areas in town. It’s clever and funny. Kids and adults love it. They do acrobatics, there is love and laughs, and lots of things that will make you say wow.", January 2019
131,5.0,Enjoyed the Hilarious Show,We had a good time watching the show. Some portions are predictable but overall good entertainment value., December 2018
132,5.0,Nanta Performance,"Nanta performance is a not to be missed performance in Seoul, South Korea.  My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed watching, so funny and entertaining.", January 2019
133,5.0,Great entertaiment,First time visit to the show and enjoy the show throughout. Even children enjoy it as no language barrier., December 2018
134,5.0,Seoul with my 15 year old daughter,"Seoul was an excellent visit late Fall with few guests and an exceptional time for exploring the city over 1 week.  Photography, exploring, foodie and shopping among so many great experiences.  A great city, extremely safe and beautiful with respectful people of South Korea", November 2018
135,3.0,Hot hot hot!,Went yesterday evening. Temperature outside a been in the teens (F). Enjoyable show that would have been much better if the temperature in the theatre wasn’t in the mi 80s. We were sitting in the mezzanine and it might have been more comfortable had we been sitting in the orchestra. Select your seats carefully, January 2019
136,5.0,Excellent Show that you won't forget,"Not so obvious to found, just ask people there for directions.I advise you preorder on the internet 2 months ago for discount 30% up. Buying ticket in the same day is in original price and is much more expensive. Even the day before it is cheaper 10%.建議先在網路上預訂，幾個月前預訂可以到接近半價的價格。甚至前一天在飯店用ｗｉｆｉ都可以有九折。當天買就是原價了很貴。", November 2018
137,5.0,Excellent live performance,"A great mix of impressive performances (acrobatics, object manipulation, unconventional musical instruments, and much more) and easy-going well-delivered humor which should entertain you from start to finish regardless of age. I recommend this show for anyone visiting Seoul, unless you are very short on time and dead set on prioritizing more historical culture.A few words of basic English are used for instructions in the audience interactive parts, but the show is otherwise completely language independent. The room is quite small, which means that all the seats seemed to offer a decent view, but beware that you might get dragged up on the stage if you sit too close...", October 2018
138,5.0,Very nice,We were laughing from the moment started to the end theater was clean staff were vere coperative actors were super, November 2018
139,4.0,A fun show if you have couple hours to spare,"It is on the 2nd floor of a building on a busy shopping street. Sign is not very easily spotted if you looking on the ground floor, you have to look up on the buildings. Taxi can't get to the street directly so find the closest street to have them drop you off. The show is fun and very entertaining for all ages. a good size theater with lots of seating. I won't buy the top price ticket, the 2nd or 3rd choices are good enough and still have good view of the show. If you don't like noise then this might not be the show for you.", November 2018
140,5.0,Great Show,My 13 year old daughter and 80+ year old mother enjoyed the Nanta show.  The theater was very intimate., December 2018
141,4.0,Myeongdong Nanta Theater,The location of the MY Nanta Theater is the best as it is so convenient in the heart of MY. The ambience of the theater is good too. We totally enjoy the show and had a good laugh. Certainly worth the visit., December 2018
142,5.0,Good show,The show is good. Fun and entertaining. My kids (8 and 3 years old ) love it. Location is good too. In the middle of the shopping areas., December 2018
143,5.0,Entertaining and funny show,"The show was great.  So entertaining,  funny, excellent attraction, good interaction with the audience and they are a great performer. No need to worry if cant speak korean,  because you will still understand and laugh (i dont speak korean but still can laugh). There is a limited seat for each performance.  Better you book the ticket online, because i did and get a discount to book online from nanta official website.  On the day of the show just show your voucher to the ticket box to get the ticket.", December 2018
144,5.0,A great experience,"The show was amazing, I laughed throughout. The actors have such great skills it is a must see in Seoul", December 2018
145,5.0,excellent show,"It was Funny and enjoyable performance, good entertainment and highly recommended to everyone. Wonderful show to watch.", December 2018
146,5.0,"Show was great, would go see it again!","The show itself was great, and I'm glad I went. The theater itself is a little older, but still a nice and intimate space. Would definitely recommend splurging a little to get the better seats on the floor if you can. Since it's wordless, there's no real language barrier, and slapstick works well with everyone, kids to older adults. Go see this show!", December 2018
147,5.0,Excellent experience in Korea tourism trip,"The most amazing and wonderful experience to my family had on a trip to Korea. We had a good time, laughed and were not bored for a second. Throughout the trip, We imitated for excerpts from the play show. Great players. Excellent  experience. We share the experience with everyone of our friend.", December 2018
148,4.0,Asian STOMP with food and drums,if you have seen STOMP then you have seen NANTA.  Simple plot with some pretty funny parts.  Drums Drums Drums and Food Food Food.  Dont sit up front unless you want to be pulled on stage.  Pretty much every single seat is a good seat.  I sat on the last row and its only about 50 feet from the stage., December 2018
149,5.0,Amazing!,Well worth your time to see.  Very entertaining and funny with lots of audience participation.  Just be mindful that its located on the 3rd or 4th floor of a building so dont think you are lost when using your navigator and it says you've arrived but you dont see it.  Look up! 😎, December 2018
150,5.0,Such an awesome show!!!,"Everyone in my family enjoyed the show thoroughly, from my 9 y.o. son who couldn’t stop laughing from the beginning to end, to my parents who felt that this was one of the best shows around. It’s very entertaining, funny, and talk about a 4D show!! The cooking smell is such a nice touch!!!", December 2018
151,5.0,Terrific performance,"Great fun show, enjoyable by all ages. A definite must see. Highly energetic as well as interactive with the audience.", December 2018
152,5.0,Fun for the whole family,Great experience... fun show enjoyed by our whole family.  Show ran about 90 minutes.  Professionally executed., December 2018
153,5.0,Great show!,"I went with my family, and we all enjoyed the show very much. It was a good combination of action and comedy, and was very easily understandable. They even had English subtitles (and also a few more languages) for the few screens to explain the plot.", November 2018
154,4.0,Energetic and comedic production,"My girlfriend and I went on a Monday night. The Nanta show was a lighthearted and fun production to watch after grabbing dinner nearby (there is no food provided in this show despite it being the focus of the show, although there is a cafe in the lobby). The crew makes quite an impressive percussion and acrobatics performance out of common kitchen items. The audience seemed to be mostly other local tourists. I would recommend this show in the evening to families and others looking for a laugh, but not to those seeking a cultural experience.", November 2018
155,5.0,Awesome ! Unexpected ! Funny !,"I have booked this through KLOOK after seeing before during my lone last visit two years ago. But this time I wanted to share with my wife. She had some scepticism. No response from her after the show started for about 10 minutes. I was glad that she finally started to enjoy the show. After the show, she said this has been the most fun and enjoyable show she has ever been to - but no photo to share during the show :=)", December 2018
156,4.0,good show,an interesting and interactive show.  Suitable for all ages.  Advance booking online will help you save lots of money.  Also the show is quite full and so advance booking is highly recommended.  The location of the shop is on the 2/F of a commercial building and may be missed if you just look around casually.  Watch out for the Innisfree Shop on the ground level., November 2018
157,5.0,Must see,"It worths every penny. The performers are professional, and the story is so fun. All adults and little children enjoy the show very much. Love it.", November 2018
158,5.0,Fantastic,"The location of the theater was not difficult to find. I went to the Myeong Dong branch. I had bought the tickets online via Klook on the same day and received a speedy email and confirmation of purchase of tickets. Going tot the ticketing counter to received the physical tickets was a smooth experience. Nice clean place in an area with such to eat and shop was a plus point. The theater was a bit smaller than expected but when the lights were turned off, all that didn't matter anymore. The show was very entertaining. The skills and performance and expressions were great and I had a truly enjoyable time. After the theater, I got myself a Nanta kitchen apron and hand mitten for my oven use, all signed by the performers. If you like music, beats and tunes (plus point if you are an avid cook), you love this show.", December 2018
159,5.0,Excellent Performance,"The show is definitely worth the price. Highly recommended. But the theater is hard to find, suggests to show up early.", November 2018
160,5.0,Must see in Seoul,We had done this activity more than 10 years ago and it is still good and fresh this time. The interaction with the audience is also interesting., November 2018
161,4.0,Good show!,Fun & good show where you get to enjoy throughout 2 hours session. Fantastic momentum & energetic performers!, November 2018
162,5.0,"So so fun and worth it, went with 6 & 4 year old! ","Had an awesome afternoon with our 6 and 4 year old who loved the show. It is a very cosy theater. Online it al seemed sold out but they hold tickets to be sold in the theater itself so we could go on the same day and still sit next to each other with the 4 of us. The show is highly funny and the drums work is brilliant. It takes about 1,5 hr and we came out all energized and excited. We wouldn’t have wanted to miss it; a highlight of our Seoul trip. I even got to participate and as a gift received a photo (as no photo/video is allowed by the audience).", December 2018
163,4.0,Interesting take on performance theater,"First off, I am from the United States.  My first thought is that this is a derivative of Stomp, except using kitchen utensils.  That is a little unfair of a comparison, though.  From other reviews, it is true that one doesn't have to understand Korean to enjoy the performance, so that is a big plus.  The performers do a good job of involving audience members as well.  If you enjoy percussion/drumming, you will really like this show.", December 2018
164,5.0,Really really worth it,"The location is slightly hard to find. However just follow using an app call Naver and u can find it. It’s easy to follow about 10mins walk from the train exit.The ticket counter is on the 3 floor so head up straight once u enter the building.The show is really interesting and funny. Really worth every $ u spent. If u want to have some interaction during the show, u need to get the more expensive seats which is located on the first floor seating. If u purchase the cheapest seats, it’s located on the second floor and u won’t be able to volunteer or interact.The seating is really tight so try not to bring too many stuff... there is no lockers so u just got to put it with you or pray the seats beside u is empty. The show is pretty long so be prepared to be entertain.Both my parents age 60 plus and teen 10 to 14 really enjoyed the show.Didn’t take any photos or videos as it’s prohibited.", December 2018
165,4.0,It was good,Good performance. Enjoyed it well. Located in myeongdong. Be careful at the front line not to get dirt, December 2018
166,5.0,so funny,"it was one of the best and funny show I have ever been, wanna go ones again and suggesting all to go and see", February 2018
167,1.0,Hostile towards tourists,Great place but staff have a hostile attitude towards tourists. A show that supposed to reflect the amazing culture of Korean people is ruined by such unprofessional and aggressive staff. What a shame., December 2018
168,5.0,Great show!,"Really fun and well done show! Even my husband, who typically doesnt love live theater,  really enjoyed it! Great cast, high energy! Super fun!", December 2018
169,5.0,better than expected ,Super talented cast who are full of humour. Absolutely love this.  Book early for good discounts too. Highly recommended, December 2018
170,5.0,Hurt my tummy laughing!,"It's just the funniest show, transcends barriers of language and culture.What went well:1. Very good actors 2. Immense amount of audience interaction3. Great sound effectsTop tips:1. Sit in the front to appreciate the actors' expressions.2. We got lost on the way there, it's on a crossroad off Myeongdong main street . No need to follow google maps and go to the end of the street.", November 2018
171,3.0,3.9 from 5... nice show,It was a nice show .. not a broadway.. but it was funny and joyful.. to avoid the smell of the the food avoid the first rows because its a cooking and cutting vegetable show in a comedy fram, November 2018
172,5.0,Amazing,"Outstanding showBeen there twice already, first back in 2013 with friends and now again this year with the family and it has never failed to be loved by everyone", October 2018
173,5.0,Go see it,Went their last year with a bunch of colleagues who were visiting from all over the world and we we all loved it.being back again this year with another bunch of colleagues we went again - again every single one of us had a great time laughing and left amazed and surprised :), November 2018
174,5.0,Fantastic,"We has a wonderful time at the NANTA show! Full of surprises, fantastic cast that interacts with the audience. Not to be missed!", October 2018
175,3.0,Good Show but Nothing Spectacular,"The performers are skilled and delivery/projection was good.  Maybe I was a bit too jetlagged to fully appreciate the entire performance.  Some parts I found a little bit too silly but if you're in Myeongdong, might as well watch.  It's not too expensive if you book a few weeks before the show and if you stay at Hotel28, they also offer a discount for the tickets.", October 2018
176,1.0,Bad experience,"Typhoon hit Busan on the day we suppose to return to Seoul. Due to typhoon, all of the flight was cancel and KTX were fully booked. We called the nanta show managment telling our situation and we are willing to pay more if the managment can resechdule our timing but the management were not helpful at all as the only answered they gave us was 'there is nothing we can do'. Its truly a disappointment answer from the management. Nanta show is indeed a famous show but its such a shame their customer service where really bad.", October 2018
177,5.0,Must see!,Would recommend everyone to attend this if you are in the area. You can sit anywhere as the place is not that big but sit in the center for a better view. You can sit at the side if you wanna have a chance to take part of the show as they will grab audience., October 2018
178,4.0,A fun show,"The Nanta theatre is a fun high energy show for the whole family. We enjoyed the Saturday Matinee. If you like mild acrobatics and alternative drum music, it is amazing.", October 2018
179,5.0,Great family fun,"Recommended by a friend and not disappointed. Starts off slow but goes off very well in the end. The performances were well scripted and although without much lines, they managed to pull off the storyline with very funny acts.", October 2018
180,4.0,Nanta Show,"The performance was great, enjoyable.  Wold recommend.  Only bad thing I can say is the quality of customer service.  Workers have bad attitude.", October 2018
181,5.0,Best show ever,This show was funny and interactive! I would go again! This is my number one recommendation. We couldn’t take pics so I don’t have much to share. I think it would be even cooler if we got to eat the food the prepared., October 2018
182,5.0,Great Fun !,"My family enjoyed the show very much. Very funny, sometimes very impressive, very energetic and energizing. Strongly recommended!", October 2018
183,5.0,Great fun!,"It's a great fun show, you don't need to understand Korean. Theatre is small and near Myeongdong Market with excellent street food. We went to an evening performance.", October 2018
184,4.0,Great show,Light entertainment for the evening. Very funny and great interaction with the public. Would go if you have an hour or two up your sleeves, October 2018
185,5.0,Lots of fun! Would see again!,"Very happy I caught this show! If you like percussion and funny gag style humor, then this is a must see! This show mixes together great korean cultural humor with innovative percussion techniques and instruments! One sequence was of a 3 drum korean traditional set but with water bottles and unconventional drums. No korean needed to enjoy the show. They should work on the gift shop items available as I wanted a keepsake, but I didn’t find anything good in the drumming/cooking souvenirs.", October 2018
186,5.0,Make it on one your things to do in Seoul!,"A great taste of Korean humour, 100% worth seeing! The performers are extremely talented! Myeongdong is a must visit area, go shopping, try the streetfood and go to this show. Perfect evening in Seoul.", October 2018
187,5.0,Watched it 2x!,"In one week. Yup. TWICE! This show has everything. Music, dance, action, comedy, and even magic! And it was just a major plus that there was some shirtless/ abs action thrown in the mix as well. LOVE THIS SHOW! Will watch it aagain!!!", October 2018
188,4.0,Funny but too loud,"Bring your ear plugs to stay safe and comfortable. Stil a very funny, dynamic, and impressive performance!", October 2018
189,5.0,Blue Team,"Please purchase your ticket online as it cheaper if buy on site. Must watch show if going to Seoul. After a long day walk, sitting in a theater to enjoy a lively performance is perfect.", October 2018
190,5.0,"Fun for all the family, the actors (green team) were brilliant!","My husband and I were in Seoul for a couple of days and a colleague of mine recommended going to see the Nanta show. I was expecting the show to be pretty cheesey but I was surprised at how much fun I had. Neither of us understand Korean but you don't need to in order to enjoy the performance. The actors are brilliant! Not only are they expressive in their faces/movements but they are talented musicians as well. If you're visiting South Korea and you can get to one of the theatres, make sure you go!", October 2018
191,5.0,Enjoy and Entertain,"Went to this Nanta show at Myeongdong. Easy to locate, its along the food street.We via internet which is cheaper. A 90mins entertainment suitable for all ages. A must when u r in Seoul", October 2018
192,5.0,Entertaining !,"Thoroughly enjoyed this slapstick comedy, action packed, high energy and very easy to understand, even though one may not understand a single word of Korean. There is audience participation, thus you are engaged through the show.Went to the Myeongdong venue, which was easy to locate. Comfortable sized theatre. We bought the VIP seats, and these gave us a comfortable view of the Show.", October 2018
193,5.0,"Comedy, action-packed entertainment that makes you glued to your seats!","The NANTA theater was highly recommended so we went to book tickets online ahead of our trip to secure the seats. The theater is a cozy-sized premise so I do not see much difference in paying for expensive seats vs cheaper seats. The front row seats (ie expensive seats with better view) would be more possible ""targets"" for the performers to come invite you to participate in the show, and sometimes the performers tend to throw food around so the front audience definitely gets showered by vegetables. The show boasts of great choreography perfectly timed to the music. A lot of energy from the performers as they display their knife-skills and some acrobatic activities too. The show does not require much talking, a lot was communicated via pure body action hence language is NOT a barrier at all.  No photos allowed during the show hence I could not share any, but the seating was comfortable enough. No food or drink is allowed inside the theater during the show.", October 2018
194,3.0,Middle-schoolers food fight,"Humor is a personal thing -- what might be hilarious to one person might be so-so to another. The Nanta Show is basically slapstick comedy, with some drumming and mediocre acrobatics thrown in (lots of food cutting, throwing around). It was evident that most of the audience members enjoyed this show -- but it wasn't my thing. I guess I was the adult at the middle-school cafeteria when raucious students are having a food fight.Best to order online in advance to get discounted seats -- and the cheaper the seats the better as all seats have a good vantage of the stage. However, the more expensive seats in the bottom floor will get food thrown at them, and audience members might be called onto the stage for participation.Beware of Google maps for finding the place, since Google maps for Seoul still need some development compared to other world cities. Find attached a map of Myeong Dong, and the Nanta Theater is located in the Unesco building, coordinates C-3, at the corner of MyeongDong-gil and MyeongDong 4-gil", October 2018
195,5.0,Such fun!,"I'm not normally a fan of things like musicals or dance, so was a little unsure about a musical cooking show.  However, Nanta is none of these things, its incredibly well coreographed, engaging, clever and fun. It exceeded my expectations completely and was a thoroughly enjoyable show and a proved to be a couple of hours well spent. You can easily follow the story as there is no language barrier. Definitely worth booking tickets for!", November 2017
196,5.0,NANTA,We thoroughly enjoyed this show. The skills and talents of the '4 chefs' is amicable. Highly recommended to all visitors., September 2018
197,5.0,Better entertaining value than expected,"Photos are not allowed during the performance, so I didn’t take any. I bought Premium seat tickets because it was a last minute decision to watch this show on the same day, and it turned out it’s a great decision! Honestly the ticket is quite affordable, comparing with Broadway in NYC or West end in London, so if your budget allows, just get the premium one. If you are looking for the chances to get picked up to interact with the performers, you may try your luck with some seats closer to the aisle. Overall the show is creative and definitely not easy for the performers! They have to present an entertaining and dramatic effect and keep highly energetic at all times. I can tell they put effort in tapping into Chinese-speaking audience’s attention by saying some Chinese words in between. In short, it’s a good 90-min show to watch in Seoul.", October 2018
198,5.0,Best show ever,"Great energy and very funny show, you will not be disappointed.The music is great and the story is funny and crowd participation is well timed to certain scenes without being awkward.I arrived there and followed Naver map to the location, it is in myeongdong street where they food stalls there, ao maybe bring some cash to have a little snack before going in, they do not allow food inside.", September 2018
199,5.0,Better than the Blueman group,Good show. In fact better than Vegas's Blueman group. Very entertaining and no language barrier at all., September 2018
200,5.0,Wow! ,"I had such an amazing time at this show! Really entertaining and transcends all language barriers. If you are in Seoul, don't miss this!", August 2018
201,5.0,Night of Smiles & Catchy Beats,"Don't confuse the Myeongdong Theatre with the Meyongdong NATA Theater. Two totally different locations but thankfully not very far from each other. We got lost at first, arriving at the wrong theatre. But we managed to find the place, arriving about 15 minutes late. Waited for a short interval before entering. Staff was pleasant and polite. Once we got into the theatre proper, we were welcomed with catchy beats that lifted our spirits after a long day of travelling. It was a good time and the show is paced well. The cast were all very into their character and performed very well. They put in their 200% which really showed in their performance. Really glad we did not skip this. Seating wise, it is not necessary to pick the more expensive seats as the theatre is already quite small and homely to begin with. Getting the more expensive seats will increase your chance of getting picked to go up stage to be involved in their performance which I found quite entertaining.", August 2018
202,5.0,So fun!,"This was so much fun!  i don't speak Korean, and i had a great time.  HilariousGood audience participation.  I highly recommend", October 2017
203,4.0,"A nice, quick show!","It's a fun, cute show. They don't really speak so language is not an issue. It's located near some great street food so together you can spend a nice, pretty cheap night!", August 2018
204,3.0,"High expectations, silly show","Nanta seems like a Korean institution, and with all the incredible reviews, our expectations were super high.The show is full of energy and fun, but don’t expect a West End style performance or anything coherent! It was super silly, fun, but in places not that great. We got the cheapest tickets and the view was still great upstairs, so I would recommend going for those. Still worth a watch, just perhaps lower your expectations!", August 2018
205,4.0,Humourously rib tickling,"Had a quick break from shopping at meongdong to watch this showIt was fast-paced and funny.  so manage to lighten up the day.Performers were good however could show off more skills in the chopping of vegetables.For bookings, it looks cheap but final price includes taxes, etc.", July 2018
206,5.0,A good place for a good Korean laugh,Think blueman show but Korean style and cooking.  You don't need to know the language to enjoy the event and have a good laugh.  Very much worth the price and time to take a day off from under the sun and enjoy an in-door show., July 2018
207,4.0,"A Seoul ""hit""","Nanta show is an excellent show if you like drums and you want to let lose.5 artists on stage keep you entertained while drumming on pans, pots,...and using knives and others sticks...A very straight forward humor lasting 90mns. Excellent for all audience.", June 2018
208,3.0,Good for variety of activity,"Most of tourist activities in Seoul is shopping / sightseeing. So Nanta add variety. in Seoul it's located in strategic location in Myeongdong area. Nanta is promoted as one of the longest show ever ( I think since early 2000). So I have high hope. It turn out just OK. Not spectacular, but entertaining enough. with the same / cheaper p[rice, I prefer Simon / Pukhet Fantasy show in Thailand. For around 40% higher price, I prefer Spectacular Dancing Water Show in Macau.", June 2018
209,5.0,Fantastic Comedy Show,"I was looking for something to do in the evening and stumbled upon discount tickets for this show - I bought them despite only knowing that it was a ""comedy cooking show""It was brilliant. There is a loose storyline that is introduced at the start (in English, Korean, Chinese and Japanese) but the majority of the show takes place without using language which makes it super universal and easy to enjoy. There is a lot of incredible drumming using a variety of cooking equipment and the storyline is hilarious.", June 2018
210,4.0,Silly but a good laugh,"The whole show had only 5 people on stage. But it was funny with corny humour. It was in the middle of myeongdong, very close to our hotel. We only bought cheap tickets so were seated upstairs - lots of empty seats but everyone was given seats in only 2 rows. During the show they threw things into the crowd and asked for volunteers however this was only for the people on the bottom floor. Nevertheless you can see everything from the top.", June 2018
211,5.0,Entertaining ,It was a rainy evening so we bought tickets at the door with little expectation of what we’ll be watching. We were well entertained from the beginning until the end. So much fun and comedy that had everyone from the young and old laughing through the night, June 2018
212,5.0,Fun experience!,"My sister and I went to this show on a rainy afternoon and we had a blast! It doesn’t matter what language you speak, the show is for everyone. My sister was even brought up on stage during an audience participation part and it was so fun! I highly recommend this show. You definitely won’t be disappointed!", April 2018
213,5.0,A great night of fun & entertainment ,"The performers are very talented & professional. They can play the “instruments”, dance & act. The show is hilarious & entertaining. The best part— they try to involve the audience as well! We thoroughly enjoyed the show! We had 2 hours of great fun & laughed to tears. Strongly recommended & you will not regret attending the show.", June 2018
214,5.0,Highly entertaining,"Uncomplicated fun and entertainment.  Standard, long-running show ( for years) that is successful, both as a standard targeting a tourist audience, and as a popular draw for local, Korean audiences.   A very loose story line that , in itself, is not important.  But it serves to bring together a fun mix of music and comedy, that focuses on a unique style of percussion, in which the players use a varity of knives, foods, chopping blocks and kitchen equipment to display some amazing percussuon skills and some gymnastic style abilities.   Wrapped in comedic skill that features mostly physical situations and punchlines.   Really fun show.  Talented performers.", May 2018
215,5.0,This show could make anyone laugh!,"Seeing NANTA at the Myeong-dong theater was one of my favorite experiences during 2 years of living and traveling around Seoul. Although I don't typically enjoy theater, this show could make anyone laugh! It is silly, sweet, and the music is great! I would recommend this theater and the show NANTA to anyone who is interested in comedy, musical theater, cooking, or Korean pop culture.", October 2017
216,4.0,Comedy is Universal!,"The Nanta Cooking Comedy show is fun for everybody. Amazing! I don't know any Korean, yet I laughed and laughed at the antics and comedy stick that these talented performers put on.  Very cleverly done.  I would recommend it for all ages. There's some audience participation which makes it even more fun.  The theater sits on the second floor of a building surrounded by street food vendors . So go early and get some fun food or walk the street after and try some of the street offerings.", April 2018
217,5.0,Great show! Love it!,"I went with my mum and she enjoyed the show a lot. It's really a great stop after a day of shopping to take a rest and enjoying the show.   It's very entertaining and interesting.  There're interaction between performers and audiences.  It's a great experience and it's my mum's 1st live show.  I would strongly recommend this show to all, including elderly & kids.  They'll sure enjoy it.", April 2018
218,5.0,Great show - excellent way to finish a day of sight seeing,Our guide suggested the show and we went along with no real expectation.What a great show - entertaining from start to finish without a break! We all absolutely loved it.We were a little concerned some children might get bored but their laughter made it even better!Highly recommended., April 2018
219,5.0,I wish I could give 6 out of 5,"I’m 25 and my friends and I absolutely loved the show. A fusion of great humour, good story, understandable by all, amazing music and raw talent. Recommend for all to watch, best show I’ve ever seen - I’ve seen a lot.", April 2018
220,5.0,We loved it from start to finish!,"With all the on-demand shows, games and apps onscreen, it’s very hard to impress my children nowadays, let alone keep their attention long. Unless it’s a very good show like this one. My young one still talks about it every now and then, months after we watched it. Truly impressed by mastery of rhythm, comedy and agility by the performers.", June 2017
221,4.0,Entertaining Show,"Entertaining. When were were there, there wasn’t much crowd. Few tour groups can be seen. The show lasted for around one and a half hour. Was called up the stage so it was extra funny for me. No taking photo inside.", March 2018
222,5.0,Amazing show,Very entertaining and you would like to see more. Thumbs up.Located level 3 UNESCO building not Myeongdong theatre. Highly recommended for anyone and any age., December 2017
223,5.0,Great show,"Very entertaining show, creative, energetic. I was dragged in their show, and we love it. Thank you nanta show . Must watch show when you go to korea", April 2017
224,5.0,Funny,"From the start to finish the storyline and the actions never stopped.  It was funny, action packed, and interactive. Hardly any words spoken so you do not need to speak Korean to enjoy the show. Our 9 year old said the next day if we could see the show again! Our 2 teenagers enjoyed the show as well.", December 2017
225,5.0,great performance!,"i never thought the Nanta Show was that hilarious!!!! the non verbal skit creates an atmosphere which is understood by all viewers - Koreans or Foreigners, which is the very easence why shows are created! shows are meant to be understood thus giving a certain degree of joy and satisfaction to the viewers! i salute the actors (blue group) for a very outstanding performance!!!! definitely a show one shouldnt missed when in Seoul!", December 2017
226,4.0,Entertaining!,"We were looking for something to do that was a little different from the regular sight seeing, and Nanta came up in the searches. Since the theater is right in Myeondong, we were able to combine it with some shopping as well which was quite convenient. I would highly recommend this as a family outing. There's no works spoken so no language barrier, but that doesn't keep the show from being very active and quite funny at times. The drumming skills and even the athletic ability of the actors are quite impressive.", June 2017
227,3.0,Fun show,"Funny show with talented cast members. The show is non verbal, so don’t worry if you don’t speak Korean. It isn’t a must when you’re in Seoul, but would definitely recommend this if you’re traveling with young children.", September 2017
228,4.0,Fun and entertaining!,"+slapstick comedy but entertaining. the characters are so cute and kpop! easy redemption of ticket vouchers bought from klook! -seats are cramped and the theater was a little difficult to find. traveller tips: it is not the 'myeongdong theater', look for the 'nanta theater' instead, about 100m to the left of myeongdong theater when you're facing it. Have coffee and biscuits at the nanta cafe while waiting for the show to start!", November 2017
229,4.0,Amazing non verbal performance,It is one of the most renowned non verbal shows in South Korea. It is very nice and worth the hype.For best price I would recommend booking tickets early online to get discounts appx. 10000-12000 won per ticket., October 2017
230,3.0,Mixed feelings...,"First off, this is my personal opinion on the show (don't mean for any misunderstandings or hate) To start off, I bought VIP seats for the Nanta show, after reading the amazing reviews and feedbacks from others. I went in expectedly (maybe I put too much expectation on the show in the first place) but came out not entirely satisfied with my experience. The Nanta show is basically a 100 minutes show filled with comedic acts, real cooking at some scenes and dancing/drum playing. I was not impressed with the dance skills or choreography (it was not synchronised or on point), nor was I entirely impressed with the comedic acts and scenes (some parts in the beginning was funny but the humour died down- or rather become awkward and repetitive after the first 30 mins of so). Some reviews said it was comparable to Storm the Musical but in Korean version. This was not at all true, if anything, it was probably a knock-off from Storm the Musical. I went with a friend and to be honest, it got quite draggy and for the first time in a staged show I was checking the time to see when will it be over. The storyline was alright, but predictable. Actors were alright as well, they were in their character (but I wasn't too sure what character they were trying to potray) - it was comedic then serious then foolish then etc. My personal experience was not at all like the rest of reviews unfortunately. Maybe if I had bought the cheapest ticket, it wouldn't have been such a terrible experience. Who knows?Take note of all the reviews before you decide on this show! *some extra points - 1. there is guest participation involved during the show - sitting by the edge grants you a better chance but it depends on who the actors decide to choose (it's luck really)2. they also have some guests interaction at some short scenes which I thought was good.3. no photography or videography throughout the whole show 4. call in advance for reservation of ticket or go to the theatre straight to purchase (but only available for purchase on that day itself)Hope you guys have a better experience than me! :)", October 2017
231,5.0,Enjoyable and Hilarious,"We were all booked up for this show upon arrival in Seoul. We were happy to choose to stay in Myeongdong and the theatre is only 5 minutes walk from out hotel. Along the street to the theatre, many street food is available. This is one show that we fully enjoyed ourselves with laughter and tears. The performers were really entertaining from the beginning till the end. They invited the audiences to participate along and it was really fun. We plan to see it again when we visit Seoul sometimes next year.", October 2017
232,5.0,Nice show,Went with hubby and kids and we enjoyed the show. We brought our tickets via Changi Recommend website and had some discount. Do take noted that you need to collect your tickets at least one hour in advance and the ticketing counter opens at 1pm. Location is near N Seoul tower and is within Myeongdong shopping area. The very popular Iassac toast is nearby too., October 2017
233,4.0,Energetic performance ,"I enjoyed the performance - even though the comedy is slapstick, the energy and rhythm was good. Plus, you don't need to speak Korean to understand the show!We picked the cheapest tickets (about  $40AUD) with seats up the back but still had a good view.Nice little break from the hustle and bustle of the shopping district.", October 2017
234,4.0,nice show,the performers worked hard! and it was a fun show to enjoy. i specifically liked the female performer. she was doing quite a great job., June 2017
235,5.0,Perfect non-verbal show,"You need to do some cultural activities while travelling, but language is always a problem. Sometimes they provide English translation, but it disturbs your concentration on the show and it is even not correct. But NANTA is a perfect non-verbal show with sound, performance, fun. Enjoy the show.", October 2017
236,5.0,Super duper funny !!!,"From the begging to the end of the show we had so much fun, it was just hilarious and the actors made an incredible performance. The show is a mix of acting, music, dance, circus skills...everything perfectly synchronize in a kitchen as a main space. There is almost no dialogue because the public is very different (Corean, Chinese, Japanese and Westerns) so they just use a few words when need it. They picked up my boyfriend to make a little performance at the stage so it was extra funny!I recommend it 100% and I would come back for sure if I travel to Korea again!", October 2017
237,3.0,It was just Okay,"It was entertaining for most,  especially kids,  but I found it too long and quite boring.  I have to say that I had a greater time at The Painters:Hero show compared to this.  Oh well, different strokes for different folks!", September 2017
238,5.0,"Amazing, from beginning to end","Imagine a stage show that is part Musical, comedy, cooking show, martial arts and add a dash of audience participation and you have Nanta.A very fun and funny show. I was lucky enough to get dragged up on stage which I'll never forget.No Korean necessary.", September 2017
239,5.0,A show that covers everything,"The show is thoroughly entertaining from start to finish. I came with the expectation of a play of sounds using tools in the kitchen but it was much more. Do not continue reading if you would rather be surprised like me. The show had a storyline, is funny, entertaining, had some acrobatic moves, dance and also engaged the audience a lot. The 5 actors got the whole family laughing, even the younger ones. Oh, they even included a small magic show. No wonder it's a must see show and I'm glad we did.", September 2017
240,4.0,Very enjoyable show!,Like a Korean version of Blue Man Group centered around cooking. It was interactive and very funny. Knowing Korean was not necessary., August 2017
241,5.0,VERY ENTERTAINING SHOW,"This is one of universal no conversation show that everybody would love.it's a combination of acrobatics, musics and drama performances using kitchen utensils.i cannot say much, but you have to experience it yourself:). Even when i sat around 4 rows from the front, the player still can see me, and communicate with me using his eyes and hands. incredible.it means, all the players have extraordinary talent to perform and to communicate with audiences, which makes the show more enjoyable.", August 2016
242,4.0,An entertaining Show,The show was very entertaining. Do catch it if you have not. Do note the show is not shown at the old myeongdong theatre. Do not get the location wrong., June 2017
243,5.0,NANTA Cooking Show,"Even if you dont know Korean, you can still enjoy the theatre, with its vibrant music, changing scene and interesting script. Step outside into Myeongdong for an exciting shopping experience.", August 2016
244,4.0,Very enjoyable!,"Do book on line for discount price. They don't accept advance booking at the counter, except for the same day. We bought the 50,000W seating which was in the middle of the theatre. The show starts on time and it was a fun and entertaining two full hours. Started with four characters in chef uniform preparing food in the kitchen, chopping, stirring, ended up juggling, drumming, jumping, somersaulting and dancing in pulsating beats.  It was energy packed, fun to watch and comical at the same time. We had a good laugh at the skit too. Whole show total 5 characters but they are enough to fill up the whole stage with their act.  Highly recommended.", June 2017
245,5.0,Thoroughly entertaining,"My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed this show. The cast was talented and energetic and entertaining. Our money was well spent! I agree with a previous reviewer (Ccandynz) that, because the theater was small and intimate, no need to sit in the most expensive section.", April 2017
246,5.0,Fun evening for all ages,No need to book expensive tickets as small theatre so can get same value no matter where sit (unless you really want to get on stage) Impressive and humorous actors and storyline A great break from the cold!, April 2017
247,5.0,Great performance !,We had a really good time watching Nanta Cooking Show at Myeongdong Nanta Theater. It was easy to locate the theater in Myeongdong. The theater is clean and the service staff was helpful., June 2017
248,5.0,Fun Culinary Entertainment 🍲,"Nanta Theater is very culinary, the lounge has cafe and culinary backdrop to take picture with. For the show.. Each week or day, there is different casts according to colour groups. We attend to watch the red cast performance, which was really fun and exciting. The cast really work hard in the performance and was entertaining at including audience to be part of the performance.It really was creative how they can music using cooking cutlery and with thihgs you can only find in the kitchen. Note: The cafe serves great hot chocolate and there is wifi also", November 2016
249,4.0,It is good for tourist but not good for businessman.  ,It is very good but I visited because of business reason. Performance is very good but there is no parking lot. I tecommend any place with parking lot. Korea has lots of space with parking lot. :), December 2015
250,5.0,My Family Really Enjoy Nanta!,"My family, including 14, 12, and 9 year-old- kids, all enjoyed the Nanta at Myondong theater. You can easily find the theater which is far from around 5 min. walk from subway station. I highly recommend the Nanta for any family with kids.", August 2015
251,5.0,Must watch!,"This is my second time watching nanta and I still went to the wrong theatre - the Myeongdong Theatre. Never mind if you find your there, the unesco building is just less than a min away. Though there is no dialogue, their antics and inclusion of audience participation leaves you wanting for more. The high energy level of the performers is infectious and you find yourself warming up and participating throughout the show. Definitely a must watch when you go to seoul.", December 2014
252,4.0,Accidental Myeongdong,Located in the most unlikely and unassuming buildings. Have to scale 3 floors up but has the most helpful Manager., October 2014
253,5.0,Very Funny!,"We were on a business trip to Seoul and heard about this theater.  It was really a lot of fun and had a little bit of audience participation.  We laughed a lot!!  We purchased the priority seats but this is a small theater and there would not be a bad seat in the place.  So don't feel like you need to pay the extra money.  You will enjoy it just as much if you purchase the less expensive tickets.This theater is in a lovely shopping area with a lot of small restaurants, so go a little early and wander around.", June 2014
254,3.0,Crowded with Energy!,"Lots of people, especially young people... means fun! I rarely see a place so crowded. There are clothing and souvenir for sales, talented spray painters performing live painting that awes the audience, there are cafes, restaurants, street stage performances (singing), 3-D art gallery, etc. It could be a fun place for young people.", October 2013
255,5.0,fun event,"the Nanta theater was in the middle of Myung-Dong, the most popular tourist spot. It was fund and we laughed a lot.", October 2013
256,5.0,Awesomely entertaining,"We visited the Hongdae theater, which was a bit hard to find.  I definitely recommend booking VIP seating to be closer to the action.  We sat second row and the proximity to the stage made our experience that much more special than others who sat further away.  I'd recommend booking the earlier show (5PM) because by the time you are done with the show, the nearby Hongdae area is starting to get very busy and much more fun.Tip: stop by Hongdae Free Market (Saturdays starting at 1PM), hang out at local cafes (there's a Hello Kitty Cafe!), and then catch the show at 5PM.", July 2013
257,4.0,Don't worried about language,Everyone is friendly and willing to help foreigners while u get lost. Street is clean and stuffs are attractive, April 2013
258,5.0,Nice Theater,"This theater is very nice. However, tickets are assigned seating. Don't worry if you don't like your seat, you can move. In my opinion the seats in the front are better because you are so far away from the movie screen. This theater does not have front rows which make your neck break like in the USA.", December 2012
259,5.0,Great experience,"When I first visited Myeongdong, I decided to go to NANTA Theatre and  I was happy to watch such a great performance. The cast was the Brown Team and I had a good time there. If you happen to be shopping in Myeongdong, you really need to stop at the Theatre. After you can also buy souvenirs and take pictures~", December 2012
260,5.0,"Nanta is a lot of fun, makes you hungry!","Nanta is definitely worth the money. Go to their website and check out their latest discounts, usually they have one each month.", February 2012
261,2.0,boring nanta,they better improve their sound system. quality is terrible., November 2011
