,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Namsan Tower,"I went to Namsan on my first day at Seoul. I went there at golden hour to catch winter sun set. Seeing Seoul from top, bathed in golden sun rays, it was really worthy went all the way to Namsan Tower against breezing wind winter. A cup of hot chocolate was enough to keep me warm", January 2020
1,5.0,N Tower,"If your in Seoul you should visit the N Tower. The view is very fantastic,  you can see the city lights on the top, its nice to visit during evening.  They also have restaurant there in case your hungry and you want to enjoy the view while eating.", April 2019
2,4.0,Fantastic View of the City,"The N Seoul Tower is relatively easy to get to by train/bus. You can take a special bus to the top of the hill or you can hike it up the hill which is a very good workout. Go to the tower in the evening as the view of the city is fantastic. There is also a couple of gift shops to purchase your souvenirs. A must see while in Seoul. Take the tram ride up to the elevator, at the base of the tower, if you’re not up to the hike.", February 2020
3,4.0,Wonderful views,"Well worth the time and it offers a great view of the city. There is plenty of merch to buy, and of you get hungry there see restaurants here as well. Of you visit during winter you should dress warm since it could get pretty windy up here. It is easy to get here by bus and the entrence fee is pretty cheap.", January 2020
4,4.0,Amazing view at night,"The day we arrived in Seoul, after putting our luggage at the hotel, we straight away took a bus to Namsan Tower. I booked the ticket using Klook and scanned the ticket at the entrance. The view at night is amazing you can see the whole area. If you have strong legs, you can walk up the hill.", October 2019
5,4.0,Nice Scenic View,"Located in a relatively central location in Seoul,no direct metro but can easily navigate your way there by alighting at Dongguk University stn, exit 6 n go to bus stop near Uni bridge. Take bus 2 n 4 to reach. Tower located at Namsan Mountain whereby one can take many nice photos. Tower visit itself is rather optional as the mountain already provide a fantastic view of the city. Defo worth a visit.", February 2020
6,4.0,"Big hike, great views","I purchased the Skip the Line ticket, but for the time I actually went (during the day, middle of the week, January), I didn't need it (however, it seems like from other reviews, you may still want to consider it). I took the Hop On Hop Off Bus - Palace Route to get to the tower. It's still quite a hike up the hill, but the sun was out and the views of Seoul were really incredible. I feel very lucky that the weather cooperated and while there was some glare through the windows and a bit of haze, I think my photos came out okay and I had a good time just walking around the floor, looking at different points around the city. There is helpful signage with the distance of different cities from Seoul. There is a small gift shop where you can buy postcards and even mail them. There is a sit down restaurant, but I believe you need to have reservations. Once you get out of the tower, there are other restaurants and souvenir shops. I wish I would have taken the cable car, that sounds like it was fun.", January 2020
7,5.0,Another tallest tower done..yay!,I sure am a sucker for towers and tall buildings I donno why and Nseoul tower was one of the best..121 floors high I guess and the glass bottom and all the photo ops..we all had a good time!, December 2019
8,4.0,Good,We visited it during weekday to avoid the long line of the cable car. We skipped the ticket line by purchasing it thru Klook. The view is much nicer in autumn., October 2019
9,4.0,Pretty nice ,"Its a pretty nice place, I enjoyed the hike up to the tower, got some great pictures. Not really worth the money to go all the way up to the tower tho.", February 2020
10,4.0,"Beautiful View, thats all","from myeongdong, we walk uphil to the cable car station. it was 3PM in the afternoon. And once we arrive at the station, we need to wait in line for around 50 minutes before we can go up. it was quite a waste of time, considering the cable car ride was only 5 minutes. then since we already bought the observatory tower ticket via Klook, then we go up directly. however to my surprise, the view from the deck was not that special. so, its not worth the cost. You can see a better view without go up to the observatory tower. and spend more time on the locks of love area which is cute. we go down via shuttle bus to myeongdong, its way cheaper and time savings compare if you have to take the line to get the cable car.", December 2019
11,5.0,K drama feels,Super awesome place! I really love everything from here . Would like to go back again here! Super worth it, January 2020
12,4.0,The nice view when weather is nice,"We had 1 day in Korea, so we decided to go despite the weather.  It was a lot of people, local and foreigners. We can only imagine how spectacular it would be on clear day", January 2020
13,5.0,Worth the cost of admission!,"I did not mind spending the money for the cable car ride or the ticket to the top. They view was absolutely worth the cost. The coffee shop at the top had *amazing* desserts, there were stools/tables to snack at, the 360 degree view was amazing, the elevators moving quickly, and the bathroom had quite the view.. seriously!", January 2020
14,5.0,Beautiful views with a Romantic feel,"Located on Namsan mountain in central Seoul, it's easy to get to. Just after dusk provides breathtaking views. You need to take the cable car up the plaza area. Here you will find lots of attraction like the ""love locks"" something similar to Paris, wishing pond, various observatory decks, food court, museum's and the entrance to the observatory tower itself which boasts of panoramic views of the city of Seoul. One of Seoul's must visit attractions.", December 2019
15,5.0,Amazing,"Namsan Tower is known for many things: the cable car ride, the nice trekking at Namsan Park, the great aerial view of the city, museums and café.  At a height of almost 240m, the tower has an onservatory deck that offers an amazing view of the city. The iconic letter “N” was the result of the remodeling of the tower in 2005. Since then, the place is known as N Seoul Tower, with beautiful bright lights at night.", January 2020
16,5.0,New year's Eve,My family and I vacationed in Seoul for New year's Eve. We stayed at the millenium Hilton in front of Seoul station. we didn't know what to do for New year's Eve countdown. So we decided to climb the mountain directly in front of the millenium Hilton. At The summit is Seoul tower. From which you can see the New year's Eve fireworks from down below. The temperature was about minus 8 degrees Celsius. We bundled up around 11 p.m. and started up. The hike was very lovely. As you hike up you can see a beautiful a 360 view of the city of Seoul at night. It's not a hard hike. And there are art installations along the way. Including a strange love heart lock it installation. Apparently you can buy love heart lockets and write a message and lock it around these fences and other art installations along the mountain. At the top of the mountain there are cafes and gift shops. You can purchase tickets to go in to Seoul tower. We did not do that. Instead We got some hot chocolate and coffees and celebrated 2020 watching the fireworks from down below. The fireworks were very small from our vantage point and not that impressive. but overall it was a beautiful hike and an absolutely fantastic way to ring in the New year. It started to snow along the way as well but that made it all the more romantic and special. My teenage daughter took many pictures. We walked around with our hot drinks looked around the gift shops and then made our way back down as we started to feel the chill. I highly recommend this hike. I could not have imagined a better New year's Eve . It was perfect, January 2020
17,5.0,Worth the trip!,"What a gorgeous view of Seoul at night! When we got on the bus to go to the tower, I didn’t realize that it was at the top of a hill/mountain so I was surprised that we didn’t just walk, but I was thankful as we made our way up the windy roads that walking wasn’t happening! It was definitely worth the trip and I loved the whole experience. Would definitely do it again next time I come to Seoul, but maybe during the day next time!", January 2020
18,4.0,Awesome view!,"The prices for the ticket were a bit expensive, considering the surrounding attractions are significantly cheaper. We enjoyed the view though, and the many opportunities to grab a souvenir. Would definitely come back during a different season to see how the view would look during spring or summer.", January 2020
19,5.0,Xmas vacay,"It was really an amazing view at night.  Although it was -1°c, but it was nice to see.  The place had recreation for the young ones & had alot of food plc too.", December 2019
20,4.0,great views,"great views at the city from above, but was a bit hard to walk up closer to the tower, the views outside were actually more picture worthy. Loved sweet post card mailing service- the best souvenir ever- sent a card from atop of the tower to my family across the world. Liked walking around different lower levels, lots of cool statues and giftshops, food places etc.", September 2019
21,4.0,Landmark In Seoul,It was opened to the public in 1980 and provided TV and radio broadcasting in Korea and also used for tourist purposes and on a nice day you get great views from the observation tower. Located on Namsan Mountain it stands 480 meters above sea level and visible from most parts of Seoul., November 2019
22,4.0,Great views - make sure you pick a clear day!,"We went up the tower the day after it rained, which meant the air was clear and we had absolutely stunning views all the way round, especially over far into the mountains to the north. I imagine that had we gone later in the week when the smog started to creep back in, the views could have been quite disappointing. It was also reasonably priced and the gift shop actually had some good quality items, which was a nice surprise! I have knocked a star off as the little cable car that takes you to the base of the tower from the bottom of the hill was not working on the day we went and we had to take the stairs - not an issue for us, but if you have mobility problems, you would have been stuck!", May 2019
23,4.0,Good view of Seoul at night,"There is LED tunnel, Love Lock area, and also the observatory deck. It is best to go with lover. Easy to go there by bus or cable car.", January 2020
24,5.0,"Its romantic walk,","beautiful and clean inside and out. Alot of history is shown throughout the area of the tower.The ride in the elevator was beautiful , look up when you get inside the elevator", May 2019
25,4.0,Great Views,Well worth a trip up to the N Seoul Tower. Great views on the cable car up to the tower and from the tower itself, November 2019
26,3.0,Make sure you have a nice day ,The tower is interesting but probably not worth visiting unless you have a nice clear day.  It was dull the day we went and you couldn’t see much., November 2019
27,5.0,Seoul Tower,highly recommend to take this trip during night hours so you can actually see the city lit up. I would highly recommend spend the extra money to skip the line do to how busy it is. You can purchase locks there for $10 to place wherever you would like. If you go while it’s cooler outside dress warm it does get cold up there., January 2020
28,5.0,Nice tower ,"Nice view , around the City. Local Customs is the attractive part of the place. Don’t forget for 💓 key 🔐", January 2020
29,4.0,Visit around the tower,"Climbing the little mountain where the tower of Seoul is located, nearby the right heart of the city. Enjoy the 360° view. Amazing!", December 2019
30,4.0,Typical tower with really cool toilets,Firstly do not trust Google maps direction to get to the tower. It requires you to alight at a quiet bus stop n walk up aong walk up a hill.Follow the directions on the website. It's more reliable.  The tower deck is not that big but it does provide you with a typical city view that must towers provide. Do check out the toilets. It's a place where you can relieve yourself while admiring a city view., December 2019
31,5.0,Best View of Seoul,"If in Seoul for a short period of time and not sure what to see definitely make your way to N. Seoul Tower.  From Myeong-dong, walk to the cable car and ride up from there. The views from the top are amazing.", November 2019
32,4.0,Breathtaking view,"Its quite a ride to get to the tower but the stunning view, the adjoining Hello Kitty museum and Ryan's Cheezball Adventure is worth the effort. The all around view from the tower also tells you in which direction your country is from that spot and the distance too. It was an evening beautifully spent.", December 2019
33,5.0,Enjoyable,"Nice visit, efficient ticketing and very quick lift to the top. The digital visuals in the pre tower departure area very good and some of the best we have seen.Not really any queue to get up to the top or back down again.Good views of the city.", December 2019
34,5.0,Brights lights observatory,Visited the observatory by cable car. The cable car is a short walk from myeongdong train station. The cable car brings you to the walkway of locks where one can continue to the tower. At night one can see the bright lights of Seoul as well as the numerous vehicles coming in and out. There are some retail and ding establishments at the retail area of the tower., December 2019
35,4.0,A Towering View of the City,"It was quite hard getting there; we got lost thrice. Waze was a mess in guiding us. We found a different route to get here though. We booked online, tickets to take us there via the cable cars. It was cute getting to the area where there are lots of 'love locks'. The view of the city from the top was beautiful on a sunny day. It was windy though but altogether it was a nice experience.", December 2019
36,4.0,See the city from up,"The tower is a place to observe the city. You can choose to go up by walking the park, take a cable car or by bus. The canke car will cost you about 7000₩ one way or about 10000₩ return.", December 2019
37,4.0,Great place would of been better on a clear day.,On our last day in Seoul we decided it was now or never. So we headed to the cable car station to catch it up to the tower. I was quite disappointed as they packed us in there was no room. The lady next to me started to shove me out of her way just so she could see out the window like she was more important I think not. I thought this was very rude we are all there on a holiday to enjoy it why treat other people like this I really don’t see the point. We got to the bottom of the tower we seen all the colourful padlocks they were very interesting to some photos but made the choice not to go up as visibility was rather poor. This ended up being the right choice because when we came back down. We found a nice Korean BBQ place for lunch. By the time we came out of there it was raining and you could hardly see the tower. It was a real shame the weather wasn’t with us on this day but some things can’t be helped., December 2019
38,3.0,It’s a nice tower,"Probably outshined by Lotte Tower which of course is bigger and badder but the wait times and surrounding area at N Tower are much better. There is good food, a bar, lovelocks and a trippy colors room before you enter the tower elevator.", January 2020
39,3.0,Good,I didn't go to the actual tower but rode up to it and put a lock on the lock wall. If you can bring your own definetly do as they are overprised - and don't forget a pen as they have none for you to use - only to buy. The view was pleasant and the price was fine., August 2019
40,2.0,Mind the weather,"If you are planning to go to the observatory, mind the weather conditions as they do not have any notice about the visibility. They did not offer to give a refund or to make it valid for another day. Very disappointed", December 2019
41,5.0,Amazing Seoul ,"Amazing view from the TOP after we trekked 1.5km up . There a love locks area up the mountain . Sky tower are awesome , we got to view beautiful Seoul because the sky was cleared .", December 2019
42,4.0,Outstanding views - go at night,Overall excellent experience. Don’t try to drive there unless you know the way. Navi apps don’t quite work. The taxi took us on our second attempt. Long walk up to the tower but there is a gondola option. Lots of food and souvenir shopping options up there. We waited 40 minutes for our queue to go on up. It was t quite and large as I though once up there but the views were amazing. Go at night for the best experience. A lot of others scenic spots on the ground and trail., December 2019
43,5.0,Beautiful Night Scene for Kdrama Fans,"If you are a fan of Kdrama, the night scene at N Seoul Tower definitely did not disappoint. The cable car ride was pleasant and orderly.  There are multiple inexpensive dining options by the tower. The public space to view the night scene at the foot of the tower was huge so even on crowded days, it did not feel claustrophobic. It was a pleasant place to spend a nice evening.", December 2019
44,4.0,Short review on Seoul N Tower,A quintessential tourist stop in the outskirts of Seoul. We did not go up the tower. Just hung around the base area and took in the scenic beauty. There are locks for sale for the lovebirds to place on the fences. A lovely view of the city from the top of the hill., December 2019
45,5.0,Awesome burger!,Decided to pop in to ya e a burger... woo no regret. The burgers are juicy and Smokey. We had both Classic and a Tower burgers as well as the potato croquettes. No regret!, December 2019
46,5.0,Winter visit,"Went during the day and Took a long walk up from Myeongdong, tiring as it's up slope. Ideal to walk from Shinsegae department store and take the slanted elevator up to the cable care point. View is wonderful from the top and super cold during winter. Some restaurant and shops, best for scenery viewing. So many love locks around.", December 2019
47,3.0,Travel by public transport,Going by public transport with old folks is not convenience as you have to walk up the hill to reach the Namsam cable car centre., December 2019
48,4.0,Seoul searching,"This place have a nice bird-eye view of seoul. You can still see them without going up to the main tower. There is a place for the 'locks' where friends, lovers and family expressed themselves by placing a padlocks, phone covers there. Take care because the slope is quite steep getting up. Basically its good for photo taking.", December 2019
49,4.0,360 view of Seoul,Took bus 6011 from Namdaemun Market. Beautiful walk for those who likes to stroll up on foot but require lots of stamina.Need to pay to go up further to the tower. We just checked out the six storeys at the base of the tower. You can shops and convenience store here. Lots of shiny locks at level T1 where lovers secure their love locks.Go around 5pm to catch both sunset and night view., December 2019
50,5.0,Beautiful View of the City,This is where you can find the famous Love Locks in Seoul. Offers a beautiful view of the city during the day & a magical view at night., November 2019
51,5.0,A Lovely walk in Autumn and experience the colours of dusk in N Seoul Tower,"Wonderful, Romantic and Memorable that's what we've experience visiting N Seoul Tower or Namsan Seoul Tower. In the chilly dusk of November in Seoul, we went here via Bus #3 in Chungmuro station exit 4. The ride took about 30 mins because it's the rush hour and many stops so if you would like a faster way to get here can take the Namsan Cable car or taxi or you could hike to the tower itself. Takes around 1,100 won one way and it is the last stop in its route. There are many tourists in the entrance and buses both public and tour buses and parked there so it tends to get busy. Indeed, it is one of the most visited attractions in Seoul. Standing high at 774 ft it is an observation and communications tower and the second highest in Seoul. It is my second time to visit this place but this time during the day. My first time in 2016 it was at night and we went on top of the observation deck inside the tower overlooking Seoul from Namsan Mountain where its located right at the heart of Seoul. The ticket costs around 11,000 KRW. This time around 2019 we didn't go inside but we visited the base of the tower which surrounded by the beautiful Namsan park and its wide array of trees that include Maple, Pine, Ginko, Cherry blossoms and many more. Since its fall the colors are full of Red, Yellow, Orange, White and Brown truly mesmerizing, eye catching, romantic and beautiful. We took a lot fo beautiful photos and videos before these blooming trees in the colours of Autumn. Up here you will have a panoramic view of Seoul - its skyscrapers, buildings, castles, villages and rivers. It is indeed a magical view for us. You don't even need to go up the observation deck. Another great feature we did is the Lock Padlocks where tourists and local couples put their padlocks as a key of their endearing love for each other. You could write your names and buy the key/padlock from the minimart inside N Seoul Tower. We indeed put our padlock in the midst of thousands of locks placed in this mountain. The Lock Padlocks also offer a great panoramic view of Seoul, the Tower and Namsan Park. We left just before night falls via bus and it was a short yet memorable visit for us. It is indeed of the best and beautiful destinations in Seoul so please do come visit when you arrive here in Seoul, Korea.", November 2019
52,4.0,Absolutely must visit,"Like any tower in the world, N Seoul Tower has its own unique attractions. Located on the top of Namsan mountain, it offers breathtaking 360-degree views of Seoul city. There are 2 public transportation options to get there via cable car or bus. Via the cable car, there is no immediate subway access and you'll need to walk up the hill from Myeongdong subway station. Mind you, if you're traveling with young children or elderly, this can pose a challenge. Or you can take bus No. 02, No. 03 and No. 05.Once at the base of the tower, the area is clean and pleasant to visit. Don't miss out on the love padlocks near the tower base for nice photo-taking opportunities. To get to the top of the tower requires separate entrance tickets.", August 2019
53,5.0,Who doesn't like being on top of the world?,"Set on a small mountain in the middle of Seoul, the tower has views that show the tourist just how big Seoul is, with satellite towns stretching aolong every valley from the cental mass of the city. The lift to the top is quite special. Walk up the mountan if you are able.", November 2019
54,5.0,Nice place to see the city from the top.,A great experience to visit N Seoul Tower. It's almost like KL tower of Malaysia. Nice surrounding embeince. To reach there the cable car ride was great., October 2019
55,3.0,View of Seoul city ,"Went on a hazy night, so the view and the photos taken were not fantastic. We bought Klook package which offered transport via Hyundai Starex van uphill plus the observatory deck tickets. And we took the cable car downhill which was a great experience. About 20pax in a cable car. Cable car station is just about 10-15min walk to Myeongdong station.", December 2019
56,4.0,City View,Very touristy but you can see the whole city.  We walked up the mountain but realized afterward that there are 3 city buses that go to the top., December 2019
57,5.0,Best view at night!,"I recommend going to the N Seoul Tower Observatory at night since you can see a beautiful view of Seoul~ There are a lot of places to eat and shop. As couples, you can ""seal"" your memories here through the Love Lock bridge (locks are sold in vending machines which is so cool!) The easiest way imo is taking a bus to any available station near you. Also, the comfort room in the observatory is something you shouldn't miss 😋", November 2019
58,3.0,360 degree view of Seoul,"You really do get a spectacular view of the whole city of Seoul most especially at night when all the lights are on.  It is breathtaking.  The staff directing us toward the elevator and the one who went with us inside was really cheerful and attentive.  The 3 stars is because when we went there in the evening, there were only a few staff that we could see, most of the time we didn't see any.  The ones at the information were not too helpful as well.  I was asking for help with the machine to scan the QR codes.  I had 5 e-tickets and was asked to input the numbers instead one by one , took me quite a while to finish and when I could not read the last one since it had very small prints, the guard took the paper from me and scanned the QR code in just a few minutes (if only they told me that was the easier way then I wouldn't have wasted my time inputting the numbers manually).  Other than that, my friends and I did manage to have a good time there.", November 2019
59,4.0,Beautiful,On my Third Day in Seoul I walked up Namsan Hill. Beautiful walk with all the tree turning red yellow and orange. On the 5th Day went up using the cable car. It is a must visit. Enjoy the view of Seoul from there. Only sour point was when i bought coffee from Twosome Place i was not allowed to drink in the Burger Restaurant where my daughters was having their Hotdog. Too rigid in my opinion., December 2019
60,5.0,high view of Seoul,"Another top option to include in your to do list is to explore Namsan tower..they say it is the geographical center of Seoul. The observatory have orderly queue and there are employees assisting every guest.. there’s even a photo activity w/ cgi effect background.. but best to arrive early if you are targeting to view the sunset on the tower, the best time to see expanse view beautiful of Seoul .", December 2019
61,3.0,Exercise n enjoy,Lots of walking n sightseeing if u have time can easily spend half a day. Trick to photographing is to tilt your cell phone to adjust the background., December 2019
62,4.0,Best view of the city,"Yes, admission to ride the elevator to the top but it is worth it and not just for the view.  Prior to the elevator you walk down a psychedelic hallway before entering a bizarre room with swirling lights and patterns... I think it is to entertain the visitors while waiting for the elevator.  But it was quiet on our visit and hence no line up and no one was in the room... we were free to act stupid and take videos of silliness before heading up.  Once at the top, its a short 360 degree walk around with window panes distances to world cities imprinted on them, tourist trinkets and snacks for sale and a restaurant one floor down.  Then it's another ride in the elevator back down.  Speaking of elevator, even though the ride is 20 seconds at most they get you to look at a screen in the ceiling which plays a short video... I guess to stifle the boredom in the vertical box... all 20 seconds of it.Oh, and the view.  All depends on visibility.  On a clear day, as the song says, ""I can see for miles and miles.""", November 2019
63,5.0,Beautiful autumn foliage,We walked up to the Namsan Park Cable Car Station. Bought one-way cable car ticket (instead of round trip) to N Seoul Tower.The tower offers gorgeous city views. Many food outlets there too.Thereafter we took a leisurely slow walk all the way down to the base of the hill and took many many gorgeous photos of the beautiful autumn foliage., November 2019
64,5.0,N Seoul Tower,"Namsan Seoul Tower, serve as radio tower and also a tourism spot. It is near Myeongdong, walking distance is around 15-20 mins depend on your paces. Reachable by bus and cable car. Excellent views! Great experience! Don’t go on weekend! The queue is super long!!!Food is limited choices. Can be extreme cold in winter.Prepare a love lock if you want to lock one.", December 2019
65,5.0,Nice Experience ,"Took the free Namsan Ormi Elevator from the street along where Shinsegae Dept Store was to the Cable Car Tower. Very convenient and save the hill climbing. Bought return cable car tickets for 2 adults at 19,000 Won.  Nice park where tower is. Spent half a day exploring it, including lunch at a nice Korean chicken and beer place in the plaza. Time well spent.", December 2019
66,5.0,A great hike to the tower from the Grand Hyatt Seoul,"A well recommended hike from the Grand Hyatt Seoul to the Tower.   Excellent for all ages, especially families.", November 2019
67,4.0,Iconic Namsan Seoul Tower,"There is a cable car ride that's brings you up to the hills and back but I would suggest walking up the footpath and taking the cable car back. It takes about 15-20 mins depending on your fitness level but the view is pretty great ...overlooks the city and offers opportunities for photo taking.Once you are up at the tower, there are numerous food options and I highly recommend the Korean udon restaurant which offers great views too. Other choices include a burger joint, Italian food and a grill on the highest floor of the Seoul Tower. There are usually cultural performances which features drumming and some martial arts by the open space near the ticket booth.The observatory is quite good but it was a hazy day when I visited with my family so don't expect to take nice shots from up there. Overall a nice experience and one of the sights to check out in Seoul. Oh yeah...actually try walking up from the pathway near Exit 2 of Myeongdong station. There are a number of nice cafes and quaint shops along the way.", November 2019
68,3.0,"Long queues, view is nothing special ","Two options to the top of the tower, hike or take a cable car. We decided to take the cable car. After purchasing the tickets, we have to stand in a very long queue which goes up two floors to reach the cable car station. It too us 40 minutes before we got into the car. The ride was smooth, but the view from the car and from the tower is nothing special. We went there in the night expecting nice views, but there is too much light which prevents us from getting a good view of the city (see picture). Lot of young couples around who come to 'lock their love' on the railings of the tower using a paddlock. This seems to be a popular belief.  There are restaurants and souvenier shops in the tower.", April 2019
69,5.0,Must see ,The hike up the park alone was amazing although there are many ways to get to the base including a very scenic cable car.  It was so unexpected with interactive virtual reality and light shows before you even get to a 360 spectacular view of Seoul.  If you don’t do anything else do the Tower.   The price wasn’t bad and using a Visa card we received a few dollars off, November 2019
70,3.0,Its quite a hike,We went there upon arrival so we not dat familiar with the subway and bus - we kinda took the wrong route but ended up at the entrance near the library. It is quite a hike to go up so we wud recommend you to take the shuttle bus no. 3 or 5 which wud bring you up to the tower 😂It is true that the best view wud b at night but you wud want to be there before the sun goes down for photo purposes. We took the bus to myeongdong after our trip to namsan., November 2019
71,5.0,Fantastic views,I have seen this tower so many times in dramas and couldn’t wait to see it in person. I was not disappointed.  The fabulous views from the top were amazing.  The locks and hearts were just as I imagined. I’m so happy I got to experience this., October 2019
72,4.0,Brilliant views - no need to pay to go higher,"We got off the hop on, hop off bus at this stop on a whim and had a brilliant visit here.  We spent a good two hours wandering around and taking pictures of the fantastic views over the city. We didn’t bother to get tickets to go up the upper tower as the views would only have been more distant. We did however take a return trip on the Namsan Cable Car and got some good views from that. A very worthwhile visit.  Unfortunately we weren't able to visit at night to see the skyline lit up but I'm sure it would have been brilliant.", June 2019
73,5.0,Amazing view !,It is the best place to see the Seoul at a glance ! Weather was really awesome too ! I enjoyed it a lot, November 2019
74,5.0,Enjoyed the visit,"N Seoul Tower was on our list during our travel.Usually people recommend to go Seoul tower during evenings to watch City's neon lights.But due to time constraint,we went there in the morning.We took cab till foot of the hill.From there we chave chosen Hiking.You can also go through cable car but we captured many awesome pics during our hike.It was easy and took around 1 hour for us to reach there.We just went to foot of the tower and returned through cable car as it was difficut for my 4 yr old son to hike down.Pricing is as below₩7000/pax- 1way₩4500/child-1 way₩9500/pax-2way₩6500/child-2way", November 2019
75,4.0,Iconic Namsan Tower,"I visit towers in every city I travel to, so Seoul was no different. However, it took a lot of effort to get up there. The easiest way is to take the metro to Myeongdong station, walk 10-15 minutes to the Namsan Oreumi elevator to get to the cable car station. Even once you get off the cable car, there are about 100+ stairs to climb. There are separate entry tickets for the cable car and the tower. Get there before sunset, to get great day and night views of the surrounding city.", November 2019
76,5.0,Observatory Tower with great view of Seoul,"Perched on a hill accessible only by a town bus or the cable car, this provides a great view of the city of Seoul!We went by cable car - and it was easy and fuss free.  Climbing up the stairs you’d be greeted by a stall selling snacks.  Try out the soup fish cakes... divine especially in cold weather.   A little further up you will see the locks and love messages...  there the Hawkeyed would Spy “abandoned” phone cases but these have handwritten (presumably love) notes scrawled in permanent ink... we didn’t get a chance to do this ☺️.  Perhaps next round! We purposely chose to go up later in the day just to see Seoul’s night light.  If you are the sort who’d like to spot landmarks, please go before sundown.  Layout is very much like the observatory tower in Shanghai though!  A good experience all in all!", November 2019
77,4.0,Great view,"We brought an infant in stroller and it was smooth to go to the tower through the cable car. However, as we had reserved ticket to the top of observation there was no way for ppl with stroller and ppl said it was repaired so the only way we had to use the stairs which was ridiculous and we had to miss the opportunity and the ticket to go to the top.", October 2019
78,5.0,Great on a clear day.,"It was only about $10 to go to the top of the tower. You get a great view, you will see just how huge the city is. You have to check out the urinals in the Mens' room! The best standing view ever!Make sure that you take a bus up the hill. It's a long walk uphill if you don't!!", November 2019
79,4.0,A good afternoon out,The view from the top of the tower is spectacular. The walk down is pleasant and provides more views. Once down continue to the market, October 2019
80,5.0,good time in the morning,"visited this place before but didn’t appreciated it much because too many people and long lines.. but this visit is so magical, 10am just about it opens, you can appreciate the place and better view, weather also cooperated, bright and clear sky even at a very cold temperature of -4C", November 2019
81,5.0,Loved it,Honestly loved everything about this place..N-seoul Tower is probably the most beautiful place ive been and I live in NEW ZEALAND..Seoul is my favorite country, November 2019
82,5.0,Exciting!!,We had a beautiful day here.  You could see the whole city from the top.  It has super clean restrooms too., September 2019
83,4.0,Great View,"The tower offered great views of Seoul, even though it was a smoggy day. Ticketing was easy and relatively inexpensive.Just a warning, we used a bus to get here, and it was a pretty steep (though short) hill to climb from the bus stop to the tower", November 2019
84,4.0,Great View of the City,"Great place to have a 360 view of the city. There is usually a long wait so depending on when you get there, you might have to get a ticket and you'll be told the time you can go up.", December 2018
85,5.0,Up and away,Good place to visit.Suggest a taxi to the cable car station for a great view over Seoul.Just be aware that if you have anyone affected by flashing lights they might not want to go up the tower.Good post office selling postcards and stamps plus you can mail right away. Remember in SE Asia you have to use the glue stick provided to affix the stamp to the card!Enjoyed our visit and the views., October 2019
86,3.0,Expected more...,"Well, it’s a landmark and yes you should see it but I felt a bit let down as I expected more... it’s not bad, but surprisingly little things to see or do for the schlepp....", November 2019
87,5.0,Very beautiful in autumn!,"We took a ride till the tower. It cost 7000 won for one way and 9500 won for round way, but we had to wait about 45 min for a ride, so if you can, just walk there. The way up ist beautiful. The tower stands in the middle of the park, so you can enjoy amazing view. Sometimes there also performances and we saw one with traditional warriors of Joseon - was a surprise for us. Totally worth it!", November 2019
88,5.0,Sunset is best ,Make sure you get here around 5pm so you can see the sunset! I walked up here via the extensive paths around the park, November 2019
89,3.0,"A little hokey, great views! ","We stopped here as part of a tour, so we had our own usher who guided us to the elevators. The grounds are pleasant and parts of the old city wall can be seen in various places. The light show at the elevator was a bit much. The top floor with all the windows was filled with souvenir shops. Great views of the city, however", October 2019
90,5.0,Nice scenery,Cool weather and very nice scenery at night at the top of the tower.There is a Japanese restaurant which serve nice and delicious foods too., November 2019
91,4.0,Nice scenery but tiring walking,"It is better to use cable car to go up there because walking is not suitable for OKU, old folks less exercise people. The way to reach N Seoul Tower is too deep.Unfortunately, the day i reached N Seoul Tower, the cable car is on maintenance so we need to go up and down by foot.Luckily, the weather is good and cooling. The scenery is undoubtable and very nice.One thing that need to take note is to reach the observatory floor, there is only one lift and the only way to go there. Please queue at the right floor as we experienced queueing at 2 floors but the lift isnt stop and always full. To advise, just wait at ground floor. The love locks area is full and we decided not to lock because seems no empty space to put on it.The view from top is very good, worth to pay a visit.", October 2019
92,5.0,"Great view when taking the cable car to the top, even better view from the N Seoul Tower","Rode the cable car to the top, fun ride and such lovely view. the N Seoul Tower experience was even better, unbelievable view and a great experience. Took the seoul city tour package", October 2019
93,5.0,Favorite Stop in Seoul,We stopped here as part of the hop on/hop off tour so the cable car and trip to the top was included. I recommend doing all of it! The views were stunning. We travelled with a toddler and she also loved it., October 2019
94,4.0,Good view of city,"Went up and down on the cable car and had the buffet dinner. Went at dusk so got to see the night lights too.My hubby likes towers so every city we go to, we go up any tall building that allows us to. Lotte tower was another good one.", May 2019
95,5.0,Worth your time,Had a great time on a not bad day when visibility was okay. Lots of walking even with a lift to the station then cable ride to to the tower. Buy or bring couples lock and add to the collection., October 2019
96,5.0,Sight Seeing,"I went twice during the trip, one night trip for buffet dinner and food is not bad and view is awesome. One day trip close to sunset. Both day and night trip is awesome and I love the view and Seoul is under your leg. Do not miss this scenery.", September 2019
97,5.0,Worth a visit and cheap ,"Very cheap to go up and worth it. We walked up (more strenuous than you think!) in about an hour, and got the cable car down.", November 2019
98,4.0,Excellent Views All Around ,The views from the tower were excellent on a bright sunny autumn day.... ! The elevator ride took less tha  15 seconds to the top. There is also a Hello Kitty outlet and walkabout at the lower level..., November 2019
99,4.0,wonder view of the city,"Not far from metro, a quite place in the city.  good for slow walk to the cable car to the top of the mountain. Wonderful view of the city from the view. Worth visiting and the price is reasonable.", October 2019
100,5.0,Great for those who love the outdoors ,"This is a great place to go if you love to walk and don’t mind a little steep hike. Once you get to the top the view is amazing! They’ve got food and beverages at the top so don’t be too worried about that.. chicken and beer and coffee of course. Inside the north tower there are also restaurants however, they are very expensive. Once at the top of the north tower you get a beautiful view with clear windows that go around in a circle that also includes a candy shop and a place to write and send post cards. Interesting yet fun fact, the restrooms in the top of the north tower have glass walls! Yes , you’re read correctly! Glass walls. So you’re doing your business as you enjoy the view! 😂 On a nice day this is a fantastic place to visit.", October 2019
101,5.0,Pleasant landmark but know when and how to visit,"Background: get all your information from the N Seoul Tower website.  Gettting there:  most convenient is to catch the shuttle buses described in the website.  They drive a circular route, so if you catch it at the beginning of the circle just after it has descended from Namsan Hill, it will be quite a lengthy ride of over half an hour before you get to the top of the hill.  The best part is that it terminates at the base of the Tower.  All other public transportation terminates at the base of the hill.  Cable car:  most directions will lead you to the north base of hill where the cable car is located.  It will transport you up the hill to the base of the tower. It is a pleasant ride but reputedly has long lines. If you are staying in Namdaemun or Myeongdong, it is an easy 20 or 15 minute walk respectively to here.For the mountain climbers: 1. walk up the stairs adjacent to the cable car. 2. walk up the LONG road that the shuttle buses drive up.  3. search for typically unmarked nature trails that will take you up the hillAt the base of tower:  splurge and get in the VIP line by having lunch at N Grill.Best time to go: avoid the teeming masses by going at midday on a weekday.So we caught a shuttle bus on a Friday, zipped up to N Grill for lunch.  Enjoyed a serene and delightful lunch with a view, then took the elevator down to the observatory for the touristy stuff.  A wonderful 2 to 3 hours.  Thereafter walked down the steps, continued north which dropped us right into Myeondong.", September 2019
102,5.0,Absolutely fantastic view! A must see!,"Like many other big cities, Seoul also has its own Tower, and the view from the top is fantastic. As in other places, such as the Tower Eiffel in France, you first travel to an intermediary platform about half of the height of the tower and then you take an elevator to the upper floor. There were lots of people but going up and down is very well organized. Upstairs there are shops, the same as in many other towers.", October 2019
103,3.0,Beware of the steps,"We went up the tower and have a look at the love locks. While looking around, I failed to see a 15 cm step down which caused me to fall down. So always look down as well while you are enjoying the view!", October 2019
104,3.0,Tower,"Long queues and poor visibility due to the weather, a far better viewing platform can be found at Lotte World Tower.", October 2019
105,5.0,Worth A Visit Even With Limited Time,"I took a night tour bus to here and we only had 30 minutes to take pictures at this place.  I was not able to get to the top of the tower because of the time limit, however, the view I did see was fabulous. The mountain is steep and it is best to walk up it slowly if you aren't used to walking up mountains.  Though I had no time to get to the top, I enjoyed the view I could see.  There are many tourists on this mountain and everybody is camera and selfie happy, so you may have to wait to take photos at different sites.  This was worth coming too, even if you cannot make it to the top.", October 2019
106,5.0,Beautiful,Can enjoy beautuful whole seoul city view!recommend for evening time . but verrryyyyy long waiting line for cable car ticket(almost one hour)., April 2019
107,4.0,Great views but a bit tacky,"We visited on a Sunday morning and there were pretty long queues for the cable car so took a while to get up. Queues were small to get up and down the tower though. There are great views of Seoul from the tower, but the whole experience is a bit tacky with lots of food outlets & souvenir shops around the base, plus all the locks on the fences.Enjoyed seeing the beehive beacons and city wall, and the wishing pig. Also the rainbow ice creams are lovely.", October 2019
108,4.0,Night time adventure ,"I went after dark to see the lights. The Seoul skyline is impressive. There are some food shops in the observation desk, candy, gift shop etc.There is a pretty long line coming down so be prepared to wait.We took the cable car up and back. At times they jam 40 people in the cars depending on the day so if you hate being a sardine,  wait .Overall, worthwhile trip.", October 2019
109,4.0,Must see place,"More than the tower itself, how to get to the top is the most interesting part. Based on what you prefer, you can do a 3.5 K rolling hill walk, combination of flat walk with some decent hikes - some through steps and rest through single lane path, series of steps all the way to the top or take the cable car to the top. If you are staying nearby, good area to go for a morning walk or a run", October 2019
110,4.0,What a lovely place,"There are so many ""LOVE"" lock place everywhere down the Tower, make u feel full of love before go up to the Tower. I like to pick candies and sit inside the tower to enjoy the view. I prefer go there before 3:00p.m. otherwise you needed to line up to get uphill by cable car.", August 2019
111,4.0,Great views and shows,My family enjoyed going up on the tower and seeing the views and the also the interesting exhibits inside the tower. My kids particularly liked the cable car that took us up to the tower and also the shows outside the Tower. They had a sword show and a talent show., October 2019
112,5.0,AMAZING tower,It's an amazing tower in SeoulYou can see all Seoul from the topNice places ther is restaurant and coffee shop, October 2019
113,5.0,Excellent,"You have a  very beautiful view from the tower . It 's a magical feeling to be so high in the sky  with al the clouds. The view of the city is very beautiful. It gives you the feeling to stay for a very long time up there. The more than a million love locks there, shows the amount of visitors going to the tower. A number one, must see for everyone visiting Seoul .", July 2019
114,4.0,Nice view from tower,Took a bus from Seoul station to tower. Must visit place in Seoul as you can have the 360 degrees whole city view. Bought ticket from klook and redeem it at kiosk outside the entrance with ease., October 2019
115,5.0,N seoul tower,Best is go there in the night.  And I alway stay at Myeongdong area and make sure that my hostel or guesthouse can see N Seoul tower view :), September 2019
116,5.0,A fun morning out,"I had tried to go to N Seoul Tower on a Sunday and the queue was so long it would have taken at least 2 hours to get up, plus it was rainy. Instead I went back the next day and not only was it better weather and almost no queue, but they didn’t make me buy a new ticket and even offered to refund my ticket from the previous day. I went up the little elevator to the cable car, where there was free entertainment I did not expect to see. From there I visited the Hello Kitty museum which is small but so cute. Then I got in the elevator to the top of the tower. There are cool projections on the way up, making it feel like you’re shouting into space. The view from the tower is incredible.A super fun day out, and really reasonably priced.", September 2019
117,5.0,"Great view of Seoul, beautiful way up","Namsang tower is a great experience, from the cable car drive to the walkways with thousands of ""love-locks"" and the stunning view from the top.We find the view late afternoon is the most beautiful, and no need to pay to get to the top of the tower.", October 2019
118,4.0,It Was part of my tour,"Its better for me, take the hop of hop off, so they in a way explained historic places, the other just take you at their time, at the end goes to a natural antiaging shop", October 2019
119,4.0,Essential,"Well worth it. Awesome views!A short walk from Myeongdong, where I stayed. I took the cable car up and walked down.", October 2019
120,5.0,Beautiful view,"Was a good relaxing environment to catch sunset, they have different areas to enjoy the attraction. There were gift shops  restaurants... we enjoyed the candy shop at the observation deck🤣", October 2019
121,1.0,Total waste of time (lots of time!) ,"Huge disappointment.Went to the cablecart to get there but it was closed due to strong winds (s**t happens) so we had to take the bus.The line for the bus was massive, took 60min of waiting.After the bus drive headed to the tower, took the elevator up, collected our tickets and was informed that there was another 40min wait before we could take the elevator up to the observation deck.After the 40min wait you take the elevator up to a room with 360 projectors showing random animated movies on the walls, to distract you from the 30min addition waiting time here.When you finally reach the observation deck, you can barely see out the windows as the lights from all the souvenir shops there are reflecting in the glass.As a result of this the windows were full of finger prints and nose prints from people trying to see anything, and the windows weren't cleaned.After this disappointing experience we decided to head out again, only to find another 30min wait to get down! 🙄Summary of time waste:Bus             60minEntrance.   40minEntrance 2 30minExit             20minSpend your time on something else.", October 2019
122,4.0,Seoul Icon,"Nice walk up the hill. Good scenary. Visit the Ryan cheese ride, taking cute bear photos. and Hello Kitty Island also. Lots of peoples.", October 2019
123,5.0,AT THE TOP of Seoul,"The hiking till the tower is absolutely worth it.Once you reach the top there are several shops and resturants, typical stuff for turist.I really advice to pay the fee to go at the top floor of the Tower!! Beautiful experience.", August 2019
124,3.0,Tourist trap?,"Every travel guide to Seoul recommends you to visit the N Seoul Tower, but after queuing up in the long lines to take the cable car up, you are faced with another long queue and expensive tickets to head up to the observatory. Way too crowded and too much lights from the sign to get a nice night view of the city. You can give it a miss if you have other things to do on your itinerary.", June 2019
125,4.0,A very nice place to visit,I went during the day so I could see the area clearly. The views were very good and the windows on the observation deck showed what major city was in that direction and how far the distance is from there., October 2019
126,3.0,Spectacular view,"One can walkdown,by bus or cable way to reach to the bottom of tower.the surrounding is natural,picturesque.Observatory desk not too high and view also not clear.The speciality is one can bind a lock to the fencing and take photos.But its not a big tower than shanghai,tokyo,sydney and burgkhalifa of dubai.", October 2019
127,5.0,Night time,"I went at night time and bought a 1 way ride to N tower, there was a kpop band doing a concert their which you got to watch for free, the views of seoul at night were amazing. If you give during the day you can enjoy the park aswell. There is loads to do at N tower. The walk back was stunning. Just be careful on some of the stairs as they are close together", October 2019
128,5.0,Fabulous view,Do go there if you get the chance! The drive to the top of the hill is through a beautiful park.Cars have to park at the bottom but buses are allowed to drive three quarters of the way up.There is a steep climb at the end but well worth it! You are taken into a room with  a picture of cars travelling along on the floor which was quite spectacular.The ride in the lift up to the top was spectacular with a visual experience.Outstanding views at the top with great photo opportunities. Loved it., September 2019
129,5.0,Seoul must visit destination ,Awesome location and must visit activity. Go there prior sunset and stay there until sunsets to view sunset, October 2019
130,5.0,Trust the bus announcement,"we follow google maps. and we missed the stop. better listen to the announcement in the bus. since we missed the stop we walked to the Namsan Library. From Namsan library we chosed to walk steep 1,6 km..not to hard in autumn since the cool temperature. it was beautiful and crowded especially during the sunset time.everything trying to find the perfect spot for taking video/ pictures during sunset. there are some cafes down there, food not bad but the service is quite long. Going down no problem there were some busses that would take us downtown.", September 2019
131,1.0,What a disappointment!,"We're not gonna complain about the hours it took to get to the observatory because had it been a good experience we would've forgot about the hasssle; but it was not! Once we reached the observatory, we couldn't enjoy the view as the reflection of the food and drinks' station light on the windows ruined the view let alone how dirty the windows were! AVOID!", October 2019
132,3.0,Could be better,"Too many lines. No sign posts. View of city was not clear since the glass was reflective. The view from nearby Signeol Seoul was much much better. If in Seoul, one could consider going to tick off the list but this one's quite average.", September 2019
133,5.0,Great view,"Was a big walk up, we chose not to take the sky lift, take plenty of water and good shoes. Its doable though and worth the good work out. Great views by the time you get to the top the tower is more like a lighthouse, so don't be worried if issues with heights. Beautiful views, worth seeing!", October 2019
134,4.0,Great views of the city,"The tower gives a great opportunity for fantastic views over the city. Even at base level the views are great but the 360 view from the observatory is better. However, its not the cheapest of venues to visit - so make sure its a clear day, else it's an expansive cloud view.There ate various floors of food stalls & kid activities", October 2019
135,5.0,Namsam Tower in Seoul,"Namsam tower is a must go not only for locals but visitors alike, especially I you're looking for a romantic scenery. Although it can get a bit crowded sometime, it is well worth the travel at least once in your life. It's not only for couples so don't feel left out if you are alone. If you are a couple, bring a lock with you to ""secure"" your love on a rail fence at the top. My suggestion is to go right before sunset instead of daytime, the city lights is very beautiful so you can observe both day and night while you're up there.", October 2019
136,4.0,Lots to do,"Lots of development around the tower over the past several years. My favorite way to get there is walking one of the many paths through the woods. I get lost every time I go so I will not try to give directions.  Other options to the tower are cable car and bus. There is are shuttle buses that regularly circle loops between popular tourist destinations - this is easy and convenient. The tower now has many little shops, restaurants, coffee shops... plenty of snacks and trinkets to buy even without buying a ticket to go up the tower. This is nice in case you are there on a cloudy day when it’s not worth the $$ to go up the tower.  Also plenty of photo ops and opportunity to get a love lock or leave your cell phone cover on the fences (not sure what this is all about)... visit the hello kitty island, etc. a trip up the old radio tower is quite spectacular - they have a neat light display before the fast elevator ride to the viewing floor.  On the observation floor there are signs to let you know what you are seeing, pretty amazing views on a clear day, and (of course) shops to buy snacks and souvenirs. It’s been ages since we visited the restaurants up in the tower. It was a nice experience however, limited vegetarian options and not really great for little children.  Overall a good place to visit, better on a clear day, wonderful to get a little exercise if you have the time and ability. Something for everyone at the tower  - I would go again and absolutely bring friends/family when they come to visit.", September 2019
137,5.0,Namsan Seoul Tower,"Arrived at cable car station only to find it was cancelled due to winds. Advised to take a No.2 bus to tower, but could not find it. Decided to take short cut up the steps!. Ascended with sensible pace and forced stops !! Bought tickets and lift to top floor.The 360 view was breathtaking of Seoul, had enjoyable refreshments and returned to base after an hour.We went on a Sunday pm , no queues and all staff very helpful.", September 2019
138,2.0,Waste of time,We spend lots of time waiting in line to go up and even more to go down. The view from the bottom of the tower were maybe even better than from the top. Really overrated site., June 2019
139,4.0,Love the tower grounds,Even before you go up to the tower the surrounding grounds look pretty. Lots of selfie time with beautiful backgrounds. The love locks area..the love archway when lighted up.  Go there during the evening time and you can have both the day and night time photos. A few eateries like mainly drinks...snacks..cafes..can be found there. View from the TOP of tower was so so to me..but the elevator ride up there was swift and interesting because you were asked to look up to view the show about the tower I think..think it was done so you will be distracted and not feel nauseous when climbing up at a speed to the TOP floor., August 2019
140,4.0,Impressive with great views of Seoul,"Recommend coming here in the evening for a great view of Seoul lit up. I didn't go on the observation deck, but managed to get good views of the city from down below. There are a few reasonably priced restaurants on the lower floors of the tower. Bus no 2 goes here from the Chungmuru area.", October 2019
141,4.0,Great view,As usual the tower Is a must if you wish to see the city from the top.Great view and location around is also interesting., September 2019
142,5.0,Brilliant views,"One of the best viewing platforms in Seoul. Only costs around £4 compared to £16 at Seoul's Sky. Although the observation deck is lower the view is much more beautiful than Seoul sky and you can see all the sky scrappers which are especially nice during dusk and at night when everything lights up and there is an outdoor observatory too. Forget Seoul Sky, do this instead.Recommended", November 2018
143,3.0,"Good, but oh-so-crowded","Well, you gotta do it when in Seoul, right? Trouble is, everyone else had the same idea, so it was 'rammed' at the top. Terrific view, though, as you'd expect, although the glare from the gift shops reflects a bit too much on the windows at night-time, spoiling photos a little. I'm glad we went; but it was just ok, and didn't 'wow'-me.", September 2019
144,4.0,Wow cool place ,Very good to visit but if possible avoid of the weekend as it can get quite busy. Be prepared to wait for at least 1 hour in the line each way., September 2019
145,5.0,Freezing...,Too bad that we were not able to go inside the tower itself only a distance from it since it was too cold. We were just at a village tourist attraction down below. It looks nice from afar., December 2018
146,3.0,Hike of Hell! Take the cable car.,"We made the mistake of trusting Google Maps to get up to the tower. It took us to no man's land and our curvaceous Tongan bodies had to hike up the mountain certain someone would have a heart attack on the way. Though it seemed like a bad idea, once we finally got up the mountain we felt like Rocky Balboa or that we had conquered the world and we got much needed exercise. The view on the Sky Tower was as expected however the highlight were the toilets with a view. Wish I had needed to go at the time because that would've been a memorable 1.", September 2019
147,5.0,A Tower versus Lovers Padlocks,"It is a tower located on the hillside, you need to take a cable to go to the hill top, you need to walk around the square where you will see lots of padlocks. But, you have to pay for 11,000 won to go up the observatory to see the whole country view.  You can also have a meal at the top before you come down.", September 2019
148,4.0,Namsan Park,"We were there on a Korean holiday so it was very crowded.  So much so, the line was too long to up up into the tower.  We went by cart as far as we could and walked around Namsan Park. Even from there buildings below looked liked a ""Legoland"".  Great perspective of the highly populated, dense city.", September 2019
149,3.0,N seoul tower !!,"There are 2 ways to visit N seoul tower, by cable car or to hike up. My siblings and i decided to hike up as the cable car waiting time was 1 hour. It was a long hike with stairs and its tiring. So I recommend to take the cable car if you are with kids or if you dont plan to exercise 😂😂 N seoul tower itself was nice, the view was great !! 😍 its mostly just enjoying the view and also chilling around that area ! So if you love looking at the views and take photographs then this is for you otherwise there’s nothing much to do.", September 2019
150,5.0,A nice getaway from the busy city,The view of Seoul city is beautiful to see from this place. I recommend to come here by sunset. There is an area where you can leave locks of love so don't forget to bring your own locks and write a message if you'd like to leave one. There are also shops and food shops. It's easy to get there by bus as well., September 2019
151,3.0,"A must do, on certain nights expect to wait","Seoul Tower is iconic, it is a must do attraction while in Seoul. One thing to keep in mind is if you go on a Saturday night and do not make a reservation at their top tier, expensive restaurant you will wait a while to go to the top. When we bought our tickets it was going to be a 50 minute wait until they called our ""boarding number"" after the 50 minutes our boarding number was called and we were escorted into a light show room to get in another line and wait. Once we got to the end of that line you're escorted into another room to wait in another line. I thought we were being punked. Then we finally got to the elevator to go to the top. We did eat at the lower level restaurant which was great! You order a meat and there is a buffet style of sides and other meats cooked to Korean style perfection! If you make a reservation for the expensive restaurant you don't have to pay the fee to go up, as it is included in your meal price and you are fast passed through to the elevator.To leave the tower it was a 20+ minute wait as well. Overall it's a must see sight but go on less crowded times to ensure maximum fun!", September 2019
152,3.0,Namsam Seoul Tower,"Make sure and scout out the hot spot times. I went at a very busy time and the hours spent waiting to get to the look out, not the observatory tower, was excruciating. Beautiful and worth it, nonetheless. Seoul, especially is full of lovey dovey photo ops.", September 2019
153,4.0,Birthday trip,"Seoul North Tower was the final stop of our first day tour in Seoul. I can truly say that we were not ready for walk up the steep hill/incline/mountain (lol)  to get to the tower. Of course. there’s easier way to via Tram. But we decided to be brave, it was a real workout, but worth it. Our guide took care of tickets and other requirements for us to get into the Tower. What an amazing view. What was most noticeable to us was the cleanliness of the place. Well maintained (in comparison to my experience at the Tower in Paris). Although, it was crowded, walking around was easy. An highlight for me was the toilets in Tower. Our guide suggested that we should see it even we didn’t want to use it. (Pic below). There also other attractions on the grounds of the Tower as well. Well worth a visit, but be sure you are rested and ready to take it all in, ( they do have comfortable sitting areas).  We spent approximately 1hour and saw most it had to offer.", September 2019
154,4.0,Spectacular View 🎋♨️✈️ N Seoul Tower,"🎋♨️✈️ N Seoul TowerSituated near Mount Namsan, or Nam Mountain,nestled in Namsan Park,this was Korea’s, perhaps the first integrated transmission tower and Seoul’s first broadcasting tower. How to get there!? Well for the sporty kinds, one could hike, for the rest,one could take a bus or hail a cab to the cable car station. From the cable car station one could continue hiking up the steep hill or take the cable car and breathe in the breathtaking view of the city. Best time to visit, is late evening, so that one could capture the twinkling lights of the city below.After demounting the car, there is a walk up a few stairs to a landing with ice cream shops. The landing is indeed pretty, with cartoon characters constructed around benches and love birds locking the locks around the railing as a tribute or a promise to each other.Once you move towards the second landing or the terrace, you see a beautiful sitting area surrounded by trees and yet again you see, beautiful locks attached or lovers attaching to a padlock to the, “Locks of Love Seoul Railing”. As One could also buy heart-shaped coins to throw into the Wishing Pond in hopes of finding eternal love.The terrace has a sitting area, an eatery and a shopping center. The upper deck of the terrace has a huge  heart shaped structure. You can click a  romantic picture or two with it as a background.The ride up the  elevator to the observatory gives you an awe inspiring panoramic,360-degree view of Seoul.The revolving restaurant and Grill at the tower’s top story without doubt gives you an imposing and magnificent view of the bejewelled sprawling city below.", June 2019
155,4.0,Hike up the stairs,"There are a few ways of getting atop the mountain to access the tower but the ways are not really explained or marked properly including the time it will take to reach the top. This is my second time hiking up the hill. This time I took the stairs which were packed and it it is around an hour to get to the top with a multitude of breaks for taking photos. The hike is moderate but those with knee pain might find it difficult. I wish we had taken the other hike, not up the stairs but we couldn’t remember how to get to it. The views were nice and sunset beautiful. We took the cable car down.", September 2019
156,4.0,Not the first to visit,Not the first to visit  and of course be sure that you will enjoy a clear sky otherwise you will loose the reason to go all this way up to the hill.. the breathless view of seoul..., September 2019
157,5.0,Great View of Seoul,NSeoul Tower experience is something that a traveler should not miss when in Seoul. It gives us a breath taking 360 degree view if the Seoul metro., April 2019
158,4.0,Fantastic View of Seoul,A lovely way to see all the landmarks of Seoul once you reach the top. The best was before going to the top there was a 3D room with some amazing 3D animation. We were not able to enjoy and we were in a rush. I recommend you keep half a day so you could enjoy the surrounding area of the tower in the ground level.You can find the centre of Korea in the garden., September 2019
159,1.0,Too busy to enjoy,We planned an afternoon visit. If you are hard of walking like my partner or pregnant like myself this is not recommended. The queue to get tickets for the cable car is extremely long and in this Seoul late summer heat is was unbearable. The queue moves quickly however there is no coordination and it seems people just stand everywhere. Once tickets are bought you queue to get up to the cable car. As My boyfriend has a walking issue and I am pregnant we got the lift up however if this wasn’t the case you had to queue round the stairs of the building standing whilst waiting. The cable car itself is a nice experience if you enjoy heights and it has a nice view. Once you’re at the bottom of the tower it is equally as busy. We bought tickets to go up the tower at 6.40pm. We did not make it to the observation deck until 8.30pm.The boarding system is amongst all of the shops and cafes and it is a SHAMBLES. It’s very very very busy with very limited seating and as I say in this heat it is not enjoyable. You then queue to get to the observation deck once you have boarded and this again takes forever. Once you reach the observation deck it is just so busy you cannot enjoy the view. We spent maybe 10 mins before trying to make our way down - only to find the queue for the elevator down was roughly 45/60 mins long.Overall a wasted day., September 2019
160,4.0,Great view of Seoul.,Beautiful bird's eye view of the city. But the waiting time is very high. Better to visit during summer., September 2019
161,4.0,"Great views, lovely walk up.","Lovely walk up instead of the cable car, lots of steps but shaded through the trees, some squirrels and birds to see on the way. Great views over Seoul without going up the tower. The usual coffee and restaurants in the buildings below the tower.", September 2019
162,3.0,Ok but not a Must visit,"We went up by cable car and when we arrived we found the whole area looked very dated. Admittedly, there are very good views from the top of the tower but we thought there are much better places to visit than here, unless you've got plenty of time in Seoul. By all means, go and have a look but ensure the sky's clear because you'd only go up there for the views, the tower itself and immediate surrounding areas are a little underwhelming, and that includes the Hello Kitty Island experience which I can only recommend if you are a die-hard Hello Kitty fan. Even for the likes of us, who find Hello Kitty quite cute, it was not worth our time.", April 2019
163,4.0,Very beautiful at night,Best place to rest and enjoy the view of seoul. Full of light at night and many places to take photo, November 2018
164,5.0,Great view,"We came here as part of our bus tour, so it was a quick 1 hour tour and we had to get going. Place has several coffee shops and restaurants if you have more time. The view was spectacular from above. Well worth the time. Easily spend more time if you can spare.", September 2019
165,5.0,Beautiful ,Overall this place are superb. We took taxi from Myeongdong to Tower. We took cable car and reach to the top. Such a beautiful place and very huge and clean. Must visit, September 2019
166,4.0,"Amazing views, had great fun with the family but very busy","So we recently visited the tower and I thought I might write down how we went about it and some suggestions. ---------------------------------When to go:So we visited in early August and found that the best time to to go was the evening (of course this will depend on weather and month etc) . I would suggest you arrive at the tower by 7.00pm and be on the viewing platform by 7.30pm, as by 8.00pm it will be dark. This will allow you to view Seoul during the golden hour, sunset and night (when the whole city lights up). This will probably be one of the more busier times though, so beware. If you want a less busy experience maybe go early morning or around lunch and be don't visit on a weekend but a weekday. ----------------------------How to get there:We were staying in myengdong area which conveniently had a bus that takes about 15 mins to go directly to the entrance of Seoul tower. It comes every 15 mins and costs around 1,200 won without a tcard and 1,100 with. For those staying in myengdong the bus stop is to the right of myengdong Station entrance 2. The bus you will need to catch is the no. 5. Those staying in chongmyeong can catch either the no. 2 or 5. There are other methods of getting there. You could taxi or get the train to the bottom of the park and get the cable car up. I would suggest that if you want to walk the hill/ Park area to get to the tower, that you should walk down instead of up. It is a step climb up, with quite alot of stairs and steep slopes. It would take you a good 30 mins plus to get to the top and you will be tired. -----------------------Seoul tower Park:So beneath Seoul tower is a sort of park area with a few viewing platforms, one of which is covered in love locks. I would recommend getting some of your photos group photos here. Its a little less busy and the view is almost as good. Beneath the tower there are many places to eat and shops.---------------------------Seoul towerThe tickets can be bought online and at the tower. We bought at the tower and don't encounyer much of a queue. Tickets cost 10,000 won per adult and 8000 won for children and seniors. They are open tickets which mean there are no time slots allocated. You can enter the tower when you please and stay as long as you like. There is one main viewing platform and it will be busy but the views are stunning. If you find yourself needing to get away from the hubub I would suggest you go down to the next level (sub viewing platform) and go to the toilet. Each has its own private view and the facilities are very nice. I saw quite places to eat on each level with lots of different choices e.g Italian, Korean,  Chinese etc. I don't, however, know how much it costs. -------------------Getting down:When finished there are multiple ways to get down. The bus which you took to go up, the cable car and the walk. The cable car costs 7000 per adult and takes about 10-15 mins to get down to the bottom where it will drop you off near myengodon, where you can get to myengdong Station or just walk home.However, if you are feeling up to it I would suggest walking down.  The path is well light, nicely paved with great views all the way down. It has a great view of the tower and its a nice stroll through the park area. The path is just left of the cable car when facing down the hill. I think it took us about 20 mins to get down. You will just about the reach the same area that the cable car will drop you off at. From there its a 10-15 min walk back to myengdong main street. ---------------------Worth it? I believe so but I am a sucker for a good view and a relative payed for most of the trip. I can see how it may fall flat for many as it is very busy tourist hot spot which is arguably overpriced. I believe families should see this is as one of their big nights out. I still think those on a budget should go but maybe limit there spending by walking and taking snacks up with them to eat in the park. While Seoul tower is arguably the most iconic, there are still other platforms you can choose from. Also, if you were just viewing during the day and wanted a challenge then instead of observation decks go to some of the mountains that surround the city. We went to bukhansan (1/2 day quite hard hiking) which has amazing views. Hope this helps people out. Sorry its so long, thought the detail would be good. ---------Protip:For those who do go in the evening (who are treating this like one of their big nights out) and finish the tower looking for dinner I would suggest going to woori Garden korean bbq in myengdong. Amazing stuff.", August 2019
167,3.0,Overhyped,"N Tower has great views from the top of Namsan, yet the facilities are old, tower gets very crowded and is a little bit overpriced.", April 2019
168,4.0,Great views!,"Great views of the city. Not as tall as the Lotte Seoul Tower, but set up on a hill which gives it almost as much of a commanding view. Several coffee shops and restaurants as well as gift shops at the tower as well. Spend an hour for a quick look around or spend longer and enjoy the view while drinking coffee or grabbing a bite to eat.", September 2019
169,5.0,N Seoul Tower (Namsan Tower),"Not to be missed for korean drama enthusiasts! This famous landmark is seen in a lot of kdramas. It is great for a lovely stroll, date night, and sightseeing. Best to go just before sunset during the summer season to avoid the heat and to have a great sunset view. If using the cable car to get to the namsan tower grounds, get a roundtrip ticket as this will be cheaper rather than getting a one way ticket going up and then deciding to get another one way ticket on the way down. You could, if you’re trying to save money. But you would probably be too tired to hike down that you’re most likely going to end up taking the cable car on your way down again anyway. There is a separate ticket to get in to the namsan tower itself. It is not expensive so we did it. I was glad we did, as it gave us a 360 degree view of the city. It was really nice, as everything is lit up at night and you could see the view in a very colorful setting.", August 2019
170,5.0,Glass Floor!,What a superb view! This is the tallest building in S Korea and 5th in the world. The glass floor will give you a fright and if you are brave enough you can walk out onto the floor and have your picture taken. Looking straight down through the glass is amazing. On the floors at the base of the tower you will find restaurants. I thoroughly enjoyed this sightseeing excursion and did it at the beginning of my trip. From the observation floor you will get a 360 degree view of Seoul., September 2019
171,5.0,The day of the Typoon,"Despite it being extremely windy from the typoon, we still had a good visit. Amazing views. We had lunch at the restaurant which was amazing. You cant beat dining with a view like that. And for something different definitely use the toilet facilities, it's worth it.", September 2019
172,5.0,Worth to visit ,Great place a must to visit.. kids and adults... been to other observation decks but this was the best., August 2019
173,4.0,the City goes on forever,"Seoul lies out there like 30 big cities, all so close together that they've become one. Great view but it can be crowded.The view from the actual tower is impressive but you have to pay for it and the view from the bottom is just fine as well.", October 2018
174,5.0,Worth it!,"The smooth, safe ride up, love locks, beautiful views of Seoul city, and an experience a lot like TeamLab Borderless in Japan once you go in to the tower. It's on a much smaller scale than the TeamLab Borderless one but amazing nonetheless. You will have to pay more to go up but so worth it, the observation views are gorgeous and you really get a unique view of this special city. There's even a post office box up there that you can send postcards to the USA and other countries from. Great experience!", August 2019
175,5.0,Nice experience and nice views of Seoul.,"In the Namsan area, we visited this site in order to see the city view and were surprised for the better then our expectations. I recommend to go there and use the cable car 🚠 to get there.", August 2019
176,5.0,Great View from Above,I have visited this place in Feb 2019. Located near Myeongdong Subway Station. We reach there by walk. Best time to visit is in the evening. There is one place on the tower where couples tie locks.It's really cold during winter. Definitely will visit this place again ^^, February 2019
177,4.0,Namsan tower,"It's a popular place for both tourists and locals. Especially,at night, many tourists go there to look around the Seoul city with the beautiful light.", July 2019
178,3.0,Could have been good if it wasn't so foggy,"Visited in the evening but the view was marred by fog/smog.   If you get clear weather, the view would be great. Took the escalator lift to the base of the cable car tower and then up via cable car.  The wait on a weekday evening was reasonable for such a popular place.  Quite a few eating places, be prepared to pay tourist price though.", August 2019
179,4.0,Nice,A new style of getting out and about.  Very interesting place .never seen anything like it..enjoyed very much, August 2019
180,4.0,Best view of Seoul City,I have visited this place in Feb 2019. Located near Myeongdong Subway Station. We can reach there either by ropeway or by walk. Best time to visit is in the evening. There is one place on the tower where couples tie locks like Pont des arts Paris. Try to avoid this place on weekend as it will be crowded., February 2019
181,4.0,Smog / haze,"Took the trip up to the base of the tower by the cable car, however didn’t go up this time due to the heavy haze.I have been up before and the view is good however there is a lot of reflections off the glass.The base has cafes and tourist items available however I noted the price was well above city prices.Great view even if you don’t go up the tower", August 2019
182,5.0,Totally awesome,"Is a Must! When visiting Seoul, great place to spend the afternoon or the whole evening, shops , restaurants, coffee shops and lots of entertainment", August 2019
183,2.0,Too expensive and too many reflections,"To be honest, I found this tower to be way too touristy. We went there in the evening to enjoy the lights of Seoul, but we were kind of disappointed. You have to wait in line for quite a while to take the elevators to the observation deck of the tower and when you eventually get up the reflections of the candy and souvenir shops in the tower spoil the view. You can buy and write postcards that get stamped in the tower itself, but the view is better, when you stay outside on the hill.Not worth the money.", September 2018
184,5.0,My favorite place,"We tried to go at night but much too crowded. By day, it was fantastic. There is so much to do including the trip to the top. There were performers and restaurants and shops. It was the best day with my daughter of my entire trip to South Korea.", August 2019
185,4.0,Long lines,"We were staying just a short walk from the tower cable car, so we thought we'd go one afternoon.We got there around 16:30 and I was glad we did.The ride in the cable car is reasonably priced, around $10:00 AUD, for a return trip.The longest part of the journey was the 3 flights of snaking passenger line that we waited in.The cable car offers a pretty good view, the car gets loaded to maximum capacity so try and get in first for a good window position. Once up on the tower area, the views of Seoul just keep going.It's very popular with locals, and we saw plenty of local sports teams during the night.Plenty of places to eat, ranging from street cart style, food court to restaurants. There is a padlock area that was supposed to be removed some months ago, but I think there may have been a lot of resistance to that move.  You can still buy padlocks of various prices and write your message of love.It was really nice watching the views change, this time of the year it didn't get dark until after 20:00 hrs.We didn't stand in line for as long to go back.", August 2019
186,5.0,Be prepared to queue!,Went on a sunday night - the queue for the cable car was huge! We waited about 40 minutes. The view from the top is amazing though - we were fortunate with the weather too., August 2019
187,5.0,Beautiful view,"I love Seoul, Korea🇰🇷. N Tower gives a breath taking view of Seoul. It has the ""locks"" bridge, souvenir shops, cafes, Hello Kitty shop, cable car ride. Can't wait to see this place again.", October 2018
188,5.0,Stunning views ,The view was incredible and it was not too scary for someone with a fear of heights! Ticket price was cheap and so was the restaurant next to the tower. There was even somewhere to write and send postcards inside!, August 2019
189,4.0,Sights over Seoul ,"Make the hike up if it’s not unbearably humid/hot, it’s a nice walk up from Myeong-dong, doesn’t cost much to go up, and has great views of the city! Personally I’d avoid any cafes/restaurants at the tower and head back down to Myeong-dong for food.", August 2019
190,5.0,What a wonder Seoul,"Greater after renovated. The tower has many gimmick along the way to the top. - star ocean room- the 360 angle projection mapping room- even the ceiling of the elevator have the vdo while it elevating.  Make you feeling excitement.- great view, of course- great air", August 2019
191,4.0,A great view of Seoul,"This is probably the best overall view of Seoul. It has four different floors available for viewing.  You can watch the Sunset and get a good picture.  There is a gift shop where you can buy a souvenir and a lovely French restaurant. We went to the Tower on a holiday, so the observatory was a little bit crowded .", August 2019
192,4.0,Not bad,Fairly busy place. Take a bus 02 to get there via line 4. Easy to get there. The main issue is getting to the entrance as the lift is full most of the time. Once you enter the tower you will be entertained with visual lights. Remember best place to take photo is in the observatory deck toilet, August 2019
193,5.0,Love locks,"Seoul toweris situated at the top of the Seoul. There are love locks for the couples. So many locks were locked at this place, thousands of them. The beauty is awesome. Must visit during nights.", July 2019
194,5.0,Beautiful Seoul,Beautiful place but there is a big long walk hill that needs good fit body and not recommended to go on summer really hot.The place is clean and perfect for souvenirs they have the best collection for the tower, August 2019
195,5.0,Mandatory visit,"Its a must on Seoul beautiful view, you need to take a cable car (which is full) and seems shuttle are also available. Once up you need to buy another ticket to get to the top, can take another 20 or 30 minutes.There are restaurants souvenirs. Before getting to the top of the tower theres an awesome video mapping show it worth to stay and watch them all, excellent job.On top of the tower crowded as any other landmark, will auggest to avoid on cloudy or rainy days", August 2019
196,5.0,N SEOUL TOWER LOCKS,10 minute less taxi ride from Myeongdong. No long line ups. Locks and pens can be purchased at the location relatively pricy., August 2019
197,5.0,Amazing views!,"Amazing views of Seoul and the mountains.  We took a hop on/hop off bus tour to this delightful tower.  The views were well worth the trip! I wish we had gone back in the evening to see the views from that time as well.  The day views are amazing, and there are quite a few things to do and eat there as well. A little something for everyone!", July 2019
198,5.0,High above Seoul,"I love this place.  Situated about  480 meters above sea level, you can see the whole view of Seoul.  There were interesting places to see...food to eat....things to buy...Surely a great place to visit.  I hope to be back!!!", May 2019
199,5.0,Must do.  And use the restrooms for a unique experience,"We hiked up to the tower.  A bit strenuous but worth it.  There was a show at the base which was fun.  Lots to see and take in at the top.  And the food was great.  Took the tour to the top.  Gift shop at the top along with a panoramic view of the city.  And the bathroom stalls have windows from floor to ceiling - hilarious! And they were very clean.  Ice cream, churros, beers, treats, everything for everyone to be satisfied.", July 2019
200,5.0,Incredible views!,"If you're in Seoul YOU MUST go to the N Seoul Tower. The view of the city is incredible. It is the perfect instagram photo spot. There is food at the top, and it is fun to hang and people watch everyone at this tourist hot spot.", June 2019
201,5.0,A must place to visit!,"Must visit in any time of the day.The Hello Kitty shop is super cute, the ""love"" locks and basically all the area around is Amazing~ oh and of course don't   forget the once in a lifetime   view of the tower's last floor Simply a must ♡", September 2018
202,4.0,Soooooooo!!,"High with a beautiful sight over the entire city! We loved the signs on the windows that took us ‘home’. I personally do not like all the souvenirshops, but a lot of people do, so it seems to be a ‘thing’ fot lots of us?But the view is great, go there when the weather is bright!", August 2019
203,5.0,A distinctive hallmark of Seoul,"A tower located on the Namsan Hill. You can get here in various ways. We went by cable car, which station is located about 15 minutes' walk from Myeong-Dong subway station (line 4). The tower top is reached by an elevator. From above there is a great view of Seoul, you can also eat something in the restaurant at the top of the tower.", July 2019
204,5.0,Absolutely magical. Bring comfy shoes!!,"This is one of the top rated things to do in Seoul and for good reason. The views from the top are absolutely unreal. That said, there is quite a hike from the bottom to the top of the tower. No cars are allowed in the area, so you take a shuttle bus costing about 1200 won per person from Myendong Bus stop 3, and a few other locations. It takes about 30 minutes to get there. From the drop off point, you have to walk up a steep hill for about 5 minutes to get to the lift to get to the top. Once there, you buy your tickets. They offer a student discount and also a senior discount for people over 65 and also a handicapped rate. Make sure you have some documentation of the disability as Japan and Korea are really tight about this and will not take your word, which is really stupid. Last week, we had to wait about 40 minutes because of the amount of people there, so we spent some time in the gift shop, capitalism amirite. Ended up getting to the top eventually and was blown away by the sheer scale of Seoul. This and Tokyo just make every other city feel like small villages, even LA and NYC.", July 2019
205,5.0,Nice Communication Tower,"I wanted to see this communication tower as it is on the Lonely Planet's Ultimate Travel list.  The Seoul City Tour company took us to see this tower as part of their N Seoul Tower, Hanok Village and Korean War Memorial morning tour.  This tower has very nice landscaping and gardens which I enjoyed walking through on the way to the tower.The view through the windows are hazy as the quality of air is not great in Seoul.  The most fun was the view from windows in the toilet cubicles in the ladies room, as it was the same as the main observation viewing windows.  I also liked the padlocks on the deck of a lower area.  (Borrowed this idea from the Paris bridge.).  In all a pleasant way to spend an hour.", May 2019
206,4.0,Seoul View,"The top of the tower shall show you the view of the City of Seoul. You will see the buildings or the ""industrial"" part of the city.If you will go via train (Myeong-dong) you will still need to walk a little bit,uphill. Lot of energy though is needed because it is uphill and the stairs for the cable car. After riding the cable car, you can walk and look at the love locks place. Walking further you'll arrive at the observatory. You will need to have the passes and ride the elevator by then.The place is popular for tourists so expect queueing for cable cars and elevators.", June 2019
207,4.0,Dinner at the top restaurant ,"Magical place!I arrived at 8PM and lift at 11PM. So in daylight and night and the twilight....The restaurant turns so you see all of Seoul from a bird point of view.It is expensive like 100 euro. But so worth it.And very good as well. Small portions, so if you have a big appetite......😬😬😬It is very quite and lots of privacy.", June 2019
208,5.0,Its not about tower its about the walk that leads to it ,I loved this overall journey of going on gondola n cuming back by foot loved those love locks its beautiful n nice views of city from top of mountain dono why this place have bad reviews kids loved it 9 n 5 years old n its very easily approachable from local bus, July 2019
209,4.0,Fun hang out spot ,"Lots available. Would be a great date spot where you could spend most of the day. Different food options, good little hike, can opt for a cable car ride, fun love lock location, a kids area, and just some nice nook and crannies to sit and enjoy.", July 2019
210,5.0,Buy Tickets in advance at Klook Apps at Discount,We walked from Myeongdong area to the cable car station (20-25 mins) where we took 🚠 (W35000 for 3 adults 1 child) to the tower ground floor. We booked tickets at the Klook apps in advance for entering the tower which are much cheaper. It gave instant confirmation with QR code. We just need to take the physical entrance slip at the kiosks with the mobile confirmation. There are some shops and restaurants/eateries at the Tower. It's a popular place and must visit. We spent 3 hours here in late afternoon. I must be back in one autumn as it will be full of maple leaves🍁, July 2019
211,4.0,The top tourist destinations in Seoul.,N Seoul Observatory Deck showed us an amazing view of Namsan and Seoul. It should be visited by tourist as it is known as one of the top tourist destinations in Seoul., July 2019
212,4.0,My kids enjoyed the N Seoul Tower,"My kids enjoyed the N Seoul Tower and the Hello Kitty Island, especially the latter. The only really disappointing thing was that the grand piano did not work! Maybe there should be a restaurant in the Hello Kitty Cafe.", July 2019
213,4.0,One of the best view points in Seoul.,I think it was worth the line and wait to go up to the to. There are lots of fun things to see and do as well. The tram up and down is such a unique experience highly recommend for anyone visiting Seoul, July 2019
214,4.0,"Always magical to visit it, in every season.","Glad I visited now as the leaves of the trees are so green..my favorite time to visit is at twilight, the changing of colors outside while I'm up there is really magical", May 2019
215,5.0,amazing view,We had amazing view through N Seoul Tower and I love that you get to choose riding (with fee of course) or going through the stairs, July 2019
216,4.0,Beautiful scenery especially during sunset.,"Nothing much to do up at the observatory level, just enjoy the scenery and have some twosome coffee.", May 2019
217,5.0,N Seoul Tower,"good experience, top building , good service , good manner , good prepare , fast , quick , beautiful , amazing view", June 2019
218,5.0,We took the cable car up to the mountain,"We took the cable car up to the mountain, the views were stunning, there was much to see and the waiting time wasn't as bad as i expected took only about 5 mins on a Tue at 3PM, highly would recommend, the voucher redemption was easy as well the machines present had an English option.", July 2019
219,4.0,Nice view at the top!,Nice view at the top! Stayed there for longer than expected! Very good experience and easy to redeem redeem, June 2019
220,5.0,More fun than expected.,"I didn’t expect this trip to be so much fun for my children. There were Cartoon characters everywhere which they loved to spot. There was a Cablecar ride to the top (not as hot as I thought it was going to be inside the plastic box full of tourists) they have bars/restaurants/ice cream parlours and the view is stunning on a clear day.  The cost doesn’t get you to the top which I do find disappointing. You have to pay an additional cost of 11,200 at the half way point to go the all the way in an elevator to the “top”. 3of our party did and 3 stayed behind. They enjoyed their extra trip which had an exhibition at the top. The cable cars were larger on the return journey which I found very reassuring. Taxis and busses are at the entrance if you don’t want to walk back to your apt.  It didn’t feel packed with the amount of people actually up there.  There is an amusement arcade half way which entertains the kids no end.", July 2019
221,5.0,Great,"It’s one of the most famous spot in Seoul - must visit.We walked from the Namsangol Hanok Village, fresh atmosphere, nice weather. We really like it.It only can be reached by the cable and it’s worth. You can see full view of Seoul city if you go to the top of the tower. So 2 tickets: cable from the bottom and other ticket to go to the top. There are some ice-cream shops and cafes. But do not try Churos, its really bad hahaa.", May 2019
222,5.0,I Seoul you Korea! ,"N Seoul Tower, what more can i say? It has a certain romantic feeling to it, yes also known to be the hotspot to get engaged , it really is a sentiment, the facility caters for all ages and all walks of life, the N Seoul tower has tons of restaurants, and gift shops up in the tower and also out, there is also a game arcade, restrooms and of course, accommodating the most beautiful veiw and prospect of Seoul, getting to the destination itself was not a hassle depending on where you stay in Korea, you can always catch a bus at Dongguk, but getting up to the tower requires abit of foot work and good old hiking shoes, or any type of shoe that won't have you slip on it's inclined path, but the little hike is all worth it!! The entrance fee is reasonable, about 10000 won and you'll always be entertained in the towers elevator, the tower assistant were helpful, friendly, organized and structured, it can be abit overcrowded up in the tower, but it still IS A STUNNING VEIW", June 2019
223,5.0,Lovely place for Love-Locking😍,"There are two ways to go up to N Seoul Tower, using a cable car or walking. We chose to go with a cable car. The cable car was pretty expensive,and a little long line, but we're okay with that. It was a beautiful view from the cable car. We can see the city view. When we arrived,  we bought a love lock and hang it there. Overall, it was an excellent experience", June 2019
224,4.0,N Seoul Tower: Second Time Around,"My second visit to N Seoul Tower was tons more comfortable than my first one as I didn't have to spend hours finding my way to the tower (brief recap: we got lost, walked for almost an hour, and ended up riding a bus). This time, we rode a bus and alighted at the tower's lower entrance, which meant that we had to hike uphill to reach the ground floor of the tower. It was a bit of a climb but it provided for a beautiful view of the tower and its picturesque landscape. We arrived just before sunset so everything was highlighted with a gorgeous golden hue background. We were fortunate for clear skies during our observatory tower visit; however, the views you get as you climb uphill or descend downhill prove to be more breathtaking than the one you get on the tower.", March 2019
225,4.0,Visit in a clear sky day or night,"Cost for a combo for two is ¥24000 Korean Won , this included 2 adults, 2 large soft drinks and 2 large pop corns with choices of 4 taste. Beer combo cost a big more. Very popular place with tourist and local, we took cable car up there , cost ¥9500 @ for return , not a very long ride,  but a walk to the escalator before you reach the cable car station. Too much for elderly. Better take a bus to cable car station . alternatively you can take a circle line bus from the closest subway station cost about ¥1250 @ way  to the tower and no cable car . You may order the entry ticket online and get ¥6000 which most people do. Try out some websites. The view is authentic especially the night view but the viewing deck is relatively congested. The snack bar lighting is too bright so the reflection blocked your view . Seoul is large city but not as many high raise than inHong Kong. So the night view appears less impressive than in HK. With the price is value for money . Can’t miss. Highly recommend. Even you don’t go up the tower , the ground level five storey decking is still good enough to have good view if the city . Remember go when the weather is clear.", July 2019
226,5.0,Best way to see the city skylines!,"A beautiful and inexpensive way to discover the city from above! We took the cable car up to the tower as the walk can be a bit difficult and long, particularly in the cold winter so I would recommend the cable car which is cheap and very frequent. The tower gives you a time to enter the observation deck and while you wait there are little shops, food sellers and museums to look around. It's a very interactive day out, be sure to bring a marker and lock for the railings outside the tower! Buying ones there can be a bit more expensive but it's a great way to mark and remember your day", January 2019
227,5.0,Views and shopping!,"A must see for the sights as well as sounds (on the path we spotted interesting birds and spiders). Bring enough drinks, stay hydrated. Stop at the shop, some cute crafts and stylish earings!", August 2018
228,4.0,"Great walk, good view of Seoul","We opted to walk from the nearest metro station all the way to the top and were pleasantly surprised to find that the road up is not actually that long. It is steep for sure but goes quite quickly and I am a slow walker. The tower itself was impressive and we opted to go up onto the paid-for viewing levels. It was quite busy but not too bad in comparison to the free lower levels. The view was great and it was a nice clear day so we could see quite far. The tower had a handful of restaurant options including a great fried chicken place but don't order the ""seasoned"" chicken unless you are aiming to clog your arteries because WOW, there was a lot of sweet sticky sauce on there. Apparently ""seasoned"" in South Korea does not been herbs, it means sauce - we found out the hard way. The Starbucks on the lower levels where you get the tickets has a nice outdoor seating area that we enjoyed as well.", June 2019
229,4.0,Seoul Tower,"An early dinner on 38th floor of Hotel Lotte and we were off to the N Seoul tower .We could see the tower from the hotel .After a mini bus ride to a little hill , we had a cable car ride to the hill top to reach the base of the tower.A swift lift took us to the observation floor, which is circular all round the tower giving magnificent view of the city .The are nic e write ups to describe the sights and also major cities in each direction with distances - very nice info.", June 2019
230,5.0,The pictures will never do justice to the experience,"I have to say that I have a profound love for korea so coming to the famous N tower was a must. The view is just magnificent and there are many places to take cool pictures. If you go in cold weather seasons go well covered because if chilly up there. Also I don't think is necessary for you to pay the ticket to go up in the tower, the magic is outside. Is crowded as hell too and it took ages for me to leave the place so i would definitely recommend you to just go to the outside part, the pictures inside aren't good anyways because of the glass. Stay outside.", November 2018
231,3.0,Good to walk up...,"Want some fresh air and exercise? A good way to do that is to walk up one of the many trails or paths/steps to the top. A nice walk with good scenery. At the top.... well, not so great and very touristy with inflated prices for everything. I highly recommend that you forget the cable car or bus and just stroll up... a nice way to do some aerobic exercise!", July 2019
232,4.0,Very nice attraction ,This is where you can get a nice view os the whole city. I decided to go up walking and there are many nice tracks to get there if you are motivated to walk more than an hours otherwise take the cable car.Plenty of restaurants and shops. Very popular place., June 2019
233,4.0,Super crowded during weekend evening,"My mistake is to visit this popular attraction on a weekend evening. When I arrived on Sunday at 9:40pm and got the ticket, it showed the estimated waiting time to take the lift is 40 mins. Examine the crowd. Well, the city view on top is nice, with all the buildings and streets lights. There is a small Hello Kitty museum (separate ticket) and a sweet shop on top. The next pain is to queue and wait for the lift down. I took a public bus back to Myeongdong around and was super tired by the time I reached my hotel past midnight.There are sites such as klook and kkday which offer discounted admission tickets to the tower and Hello Kitty museum.", June 2019
234,3.0,Best place for city night views,"This is the best place for Seoul city night views. However, the waiting time for the cable car is quite long as it is crowded with locals and tourists. Overall, it is worth a visit if you enjoy night views.p.s. speaking personally, I think that paying to go up to the viewing tower is not really worth it as it is not much differences.", June 2019
235,3.0,"Steep walk, a bit of a letdown","Yes, there's a great view at the top - just like in the Empire State Building or other tall buildings in the world. But I actually found the (free) view from places like Namsan hill to be even more spectacular without the crowds, the cost and the hoopla.  Steep walk from bus area to get there if you're driving up - otherwise the lines from the cable car or the regular elevator can be long on weekends. Once I was up at the top I didn't need to stay up there very long.  If you feel you can't visit Seoul without saying you were there, or you have no other means to see something from a high view, knock yourself out and go - but if you can climb Namsan Park yourself or see a high-floor view from a hotel, skip it!", June 2019
236,4.0,It is a must while in Seoul ,"Although it is the landmark of the city (somehow), the idea is bigger than the realty, nice steep walk to the tram or cable car, not far from the main avenue. Price might be slightly higher for what you get, once up there, it is wide and open, lots of rrom to roam around, shops and restaurants available and options for video and photos as well. Good place to visit.", July 2019
237,5.0,A must go to see a ,We really enjoyed our time there. We went up by hiring a private taxi from Klook along with the ticket to enter the tower.If you wanna partipate in lock with your partner. I recommend not buying from there it cost to much.You can chill out in the twosome cafe and have fun.Generally a great place to chill. If you have elderly please consider using the cable car., July 2019
238,4.0,"Highest peak of Namsan Area, full of love locks. . . hahaha","We rode a bus going up the peak. It was a busy day in Namsan Tower..When the bus reached the parking lot, you still have to walk about 10 minutes in a steep slope to climb to the tower itself..The place was full of people and stuffs being sold.. We were told it was nice to go up the tower in their observatory but we didn't.. There are toooo many people and very loooong lines.. If you want to go up you need to be early or stay longer.The old ""shed"" in the area has a sad story behind it, ask your tour guide (if you have one) because im not spoiling..There is an outside observatory deck which they call the love locks deck with scopes that will aid you to view the entire Seoul Landscape..And speaking of love locks, they are literally everywhere..In the park, near the tower, on the observatory, and you can find love lock trees..You can buy one if you want to leave locks there.The view is spectacular, and even more beautiful with sunset and evening.", June 2019
239,5.0,Wonderful Night View of Seoul City,It was very nice night view of Seoul city. People was not that croweded and could see the fantastic view of the capital city., May 2019
240,5.0,Great panorama of Seoul,"The tower offers great panorama of Seoul. I didn't  go to the tower during my previous visits. This time my hotel was in a walking distance, therefore I decided to visit the tower. I went in the morning and walked, instead of using the cable car. Surprisingly, there were many facilities that offer food and drinks, including draft beer. Based on my experience, I would suggest to go late afternoon to have a dinner, see the panorama in daylight and after dark, and enjoy glass of beer. I usually walk a lot, however walking to the tower was too much exercise and I had sore muscles even three days after. So some people should consider cable car.", June 2019
241,4.0,Spectacular views,Definitely worth a visit if just for the Seoul views. You go up by cable car. There is a whole collection of ' lovers locks' tied to each other and to whatever it can be locked on. Largest collection I have ever seen.  The views from the top are mindblowing and give a fair idea of the size and plan of Seoul., July 2019
242,4.0,What a view,"The tower has great views of Seoul. We took the cable car up and walked back to the bus for our return to the city.Lots of options to get there, things to see, coffee and food available to enjoy while you take in the view, even the toilet as a view:)", June 2019
243,4.0,Great view ,"The Seoul tower is more than a great view. It's great fun for the whole family, there a park in the area, hello kitty mini park, cheeseball adventure and plenty of wal trails to catch a view before the view. To top it off you can get there by cable car that has it own wow view.", June 2019
244,4.0,Completely Touristy Attraction,"They seem to think this tower can compete with worldwide tall buildings. It’s laughably short, but compared to the other buildings in the city, it does provide a nice view of the city. We did a beer and popcorn package, but if you don’t get it to take up (we wanted to sit and enjoy) you have to take a long trip back after the ride up and down", June 2019
245,4.0,Afternoon trip in N Seoul Tower,"After getting off bus no 5, you have to walk 5-10 mins of upwards landscapes to reach the N Seoul Tower. You can talk a few photo of it’s famous lover lock on the wall. And you can take close up look of N Seoul Tower. You need to buy entrance ticket to go up to the Tower. The view is good and worth a visit. I attach the bus no and it’s route . So you can know which places for your next stop. Hope I can know the bus schedule so I don’t need to wait that long for the bus.", June 2019
246,4.0,Worth the walk,"Walked over to the cable cars from the hotel.  Took me a little while to find.  Only 10,000  KRW ($8.66) to go to the top.  Cheapest tower I've ever been up.  Thursday afternoon, and although it was not empty, I certainly would not call it crowded.  Views were okay.  Difficult to find a clear day in Seoul this time of year.   I would definitely recommend it.  Lots more to do and see than just go up in the tower.  Best I can tell, it is free to go to the tower.  And there are lots of great views and restaurants and shops at the base of the tower, without paying to go up.   Several degrees cooler up there than it was down on the streets.", June 2019
247,4.0,Fun Place to Visit,"While there is a cost to go to the top, the mid-levels are fun, with nice views and lots of entertainment going on during the day.", October 2018
248,3.0,"GREAT VIEWS, BUT LOTS AND LOTS OF PEOPLE","N Seoul Tower provides great views of the city (on a clear day).  This is not our thing; ergo the rating.  There is a lot of activity in the tower, and there are lots of people--both tourists and locals.  We suspect that it might be better to visit in the evening.", June 2019
249,4.0,Day in the memory,It was nice day to see all Seoul in the sun sunset time.we have fun day with my family good few from up, June 2019
250,4.0,the view is amazing,"We kind of got a bit lost going up there because we had a misunderstanding with the bus driver. So we took the cable car instead and fortunately it was not crowded and the ride up was nice.You had to wait for a while for the elevator though, but the view was really good. You get a 360 degree view of the city lights. There were lots of food stores below too if you get hungry. And of course the there was the famous love lock. Definitely worth a visit.", June 2019
251,4.0,Fun but prepare to wait,"I feel like a trip up the Namsan Tower is a highlight of visiting Seoul. However, make sure you are prepared to spend a long time waiting. There is a wait if you want to take the Omni elevator to the cable car station (or you can choose to walk up the stairs like we did), there is a wait to buy your ticket for the cable car, there was a 40 minute wait after that to get on the cable car, and then you have to walk up more stairs and buy your ticket for the tower and wait for 30 minutes until it is your turn to get in line and wait to go up in the elevator. The view from the top was beautiful. We had hoped to go up while it was still light and watch the sunset, but it was dark by the time we made it to the top. The only downside of this is that the lights inside the tower reflect on the glass so you can't take pictures of yourself and see the city very well. There is also a 30 minute wait to go back down the elevator. We did enjoy the view from the deck at the base of the tower and got some good sunset pictures.", June 2019
252,5.0,Namsan Tower,Namsan Tower AKA N Seoul Tower. Great place for a all round aerial view of Seoul. We took a walk up to the cable car station from Myeongdong Station. Takes around 15mins. Remember to bring along your locks 🔐 or you can get one from the shops there. Locks are pretty expensive there though. Nice and beautiful place overall., June 2019
253,5.0,Beautiful,"There are many beautiful spots to see on the way leading to the tower. There are the Locks of Love which are posted in and around the various fences of this area. You can even buy your own padlock and leave a message on it and then lock it onto a post or wherever there was space. There is also a kids play area, stores for souvenirs or snacks, obviously the observation tower, statues and figures to take pictures of, and many rest stops along the way. Although the observation tower is a good view of the surrounding area, you can also get the view when just looking from the view point areas from outside the tower which is free.", June 2019
254,4.0,Good views,You can get great views from here but during peak times of the year it does get overcrowded. But definitely worth going to at least once, November 2018
255,4.0,Good experience,"Went up by cable car, was a very interesting experience!There are LOADS of locks couples put everywhere. They put it on stair railings, poles, anywhere they possibly can. Bring your own lock!We didn’t buy a ticket up the tower. The view from below was already amazing!", June 2019
256,5.0,Great landscape,N Seoul Tower is one place you must to go when you are in Seoul. What Amazing view is ! Take a bus number 5 from Myeongdong Market. Bus stop locates in  3  exit of Myeongdong subway station. N Seoul Tower is last stop., June 2019
257,5.0,Holiday,Get an uninterrupted view of Seoul from the tower. The whole place and gardens below are beautiful. From the bus stop the walk up the hill is reasonably steep but it takes only 5 minutes to reach the ticket office and elevator. Wear good gripping shoes as down is as hard as up. Worth a visit for sure., June 2019
258,4.0,A landmark in Seoul worth visiting ,"The N Seoul Tower is such a prominent landmark that you will just have to see it, and the best time to go is before sunset. The light on the Tower is an indication of the current air quality: from blue to red. It was green (normal air quality) during our visit.We’d visited the tower as part of a half day tour. From the bus station to the base of the Tower there is a steep slope going up leading to a viewing platform.The view from the observatory was stunning - you get a all around view of Seoul. Even the men’s toilet get a “framed up” views.", June 2019
259,4.0,Great views ,We visited busan tower and didn’t think this was as good...if per chance you plan to visit both then do the photo challenge and if luckily you’ll get a buy one get one free ticket for the other tower! We got to the tower from the cable car. There’s restaurants and shops at the bottom of it. The lift wizzes you up. The views are great. The skyline I think is wonderful and the views to the river are great too. There’s a shop up there. There’s also a Korean buffet restaurant and then higher up is a fine dining French restaurant. I heard someone say to a traveller not to bother going up the tower but I certainly would - the views are great and you can’t experience it anywhere else., June 2019
260,5.0,Worth it for the ciew,"Like any other tall building/attraction, you go for the view. I found N Tower to be less of a rip off than most of these types of places. It was cool to ride the unmanned tram up a small hill to the cable car. Views were great. They do charge for the cable car as well as to go onto the observation deck and for photos but the price was reasonable. It’s a hike even with the tram and cable car so it was nice to do this towards sunset on a cooler day.", June 2019
261,5.0,Go at sundown,"This was great to find. First get off at Myeong-dong and take exit 1. There is a free shuttle to the tram. You can Google 'free Namsan shuttle bus' and you will get the site with time schedule. I think it is hourly. Go up the tram, or if you want walk to bar of tower. Go up tower before sunset and enjoy the view. Be sure to visit the toilets, the view is one of a kind for a restroom. After taking the tram down, I then walked to the Hoehyeon station on line 4. It was an easy walk. There is a Cafe up the tower were you can get a coffee or sweet as you watch the sunset.", June 2019
262,5.0,How to go to nansam tower,Use google map to take bus 402 etc. Then alight at namsam library beside namsam park. Go to namsam park and go walk towards Seoul N tower., June 2019
263,5.0,Spectacular night views!,Went up by cable car during the evening. The cable car ride was quite worrying as there were 20+ people cramped into a carriage and some of us were wondering aloud if this was our last day on earth lol. There are places for you to place a love lock at the summit with your significant other. The view from the tower itself is superb. We were there to watch the sunset and the night cityscape and the silhouettes of the mountains surrounding Seoul makes for a breathtaking sight. Expensive but still a must visit in my opinion., June 2019
264,5.0,360 Degree of Amazing View of Seoul,Arrived the N Tower with our group after our great lunch in the financial district of Seoul.What a spectacular 360 degree view of the city. Luckily we were able to watch an endorsement photo shoot by a well known K-Pop artist  of a Nissan Car.  We have wonderful tour of the city that day., May 2019
265,4.0,Kids are always excited with heights,"It is always exciting to see the landscape of Korea, Seoul in particular on top of the tower. You can see the big buildings.", June 2019
266,3.0,Well worth a visit,"After going up countless towers on a tour of Japan and Korea, perhaps this was a ‘tower too far’. So I accept that this may influence this review. We had to wait 30 minutes at the cable car before we could get up. The Q down was even worse, so it’s quicker and more fun to walk down. Once at the top the views are great, but it was a little rainy when we visited so the view was not as good as I’m sure it is on a sunny day - so keep a look out for the weather forecast before deciding which day to visit (on our second day in Seoul it was completely enveloped in cloud). Well worth visiting, none the less....how can you come to Seoul and not say you’ve been up the tower??", June 2019
267,5.0,A great view of all of Seoul,"Stupidly I agreed to walk with my friend from Myeongdong to N Seoul Tower. It took an hour but don't worry, there are several buses which go to the top. Out of the 3 towers you can have a view of Seoul, this is the cheapest and buying from Klook is 40% cheaper. N Seoul Tower has a great view of Seoul, especially of Myeongdong. There are several activities you can do - have a photo taken with a green screen and insert different backgrounds, send a postcard from the observatory deck or have a coffee or meal. The men's toilet has a great view as well.", June 2019
268,4.0,Go for the experience and to see the city,Best to go a little before sunset to fully enjoy the view from the o observatory. We went on a Friday late afternoon and there was queue for the cable car rides. There are many choices of food available. Do take time to enjoy a coffee and savor the sights. What was terrible was the very long queue for the elevator ride down from the observatory. It took more than 30 mins waiting time for the elevator aftet spending 15 mins in the observatory. Place was packed to the brim and we could not fully enjoy the sights.Perhaps would be better to visit during weekdays., June 2019
269,4.0,Lots to do!,"We hiked up the mountain using a stairway path. It was a hard hike! But once we got to the top there were lots of things to do. I think the coolest part was seeing all the ""locks of love"" at the top. There's a lot of restaurants up there and we went to Tokyo Steak which I highly recommend.If you go, try to go on a clear day. We went when it was overcast and a lot of pollution was trapped so the view of the city wasn't good at all.", June 2019
270,3.0,Not blown away,"I caught the cable car because it was easier for me to get to.When you make your way out of the station at the top, you're greeted with nice views and lots of the famous love locks. The view so far is really nice and you can see quite far. I thought ""The view from the observation decks will be so much better!"" I was wrong.You head down some steps into a concourse area where you can buy drinks and trinkets. I purchased my ticket for the observatory and waited in line for the elevator to the observation area.Essentially I paid 10,000 krw to ride a lift and look out of windows covered in the handprints and faceprints of small children, all the while getting barged out of the way by impatient tourists.Personally, not worth the money. Catch the cable car or walk up the steps to get nice panoramic views. Don't bother with the observation decks... I'm giving it 3 points because I quite liked the views from the hill below.", June 2019
271,4.0,Good weather makes the panaromic views exciting,"We were lucky we visited on a good weather, and we could see the views clearly. The toilet cubicle is so interesting too, with a big mirrow reflection in front of toilet seat and the glass panel at the side of it, so we could either look out to the view outside or look at ourselve in the mirror.", May 2019
272,4.0,Nice View of Seoul,"If it is your first time in Seoul and would like to enjoy an aerial view of the city, this is the place to go. I would recommend going there late in the afternoon so you can enjoy the view when there is light until after dark so you get to see the city both during the day and at night. There are several restaurants should you feel hungry and want to eat. There is a convenience store for your basic needs. If you are travelling with very small children and elderly, it may be a challenge walking up the steep hill leading to the tower. There is a portion there where there are trees where you can attach your lock as a remembrance until the next time you visit the tower. The best way to reach the top is by car, if not, bus. Taxi's are not allowed so it's a longer walk by cab. If you go up there during the colder months of the year, bring a jacket, the cold is felt very much at that height.", May 2019
273,3.0,Disappointed,We made the journey to the tower giving ourselves plenty time but disappointed to find the ticket booth had closed early. We were also ushered away from a viewing deck despite it being quite a bit before the displayed closing time. We did have a bit of a wander about where we could including the love locks so it wasn’t a wasted journey., May 2019
274,3.0,Not bad ,Good view of Seoul but mostly building. Went up observatory and came down to the car within 30 minutes., June 2019
275,4.0,Great vantage point,"The N-Seoul tower is located close to the town centre and so provides a great vantage point to see ‘greater’ Seoul and gain an appreciation of its size.  We visited during the day and (apparently) were fortunate in that the air was relatively clear,  which allowed us to see more than is normally the case.  Nevertheless the atmosphere seemed misty and objects in the distance are observed in a haze.At the base of the tower is an open area with a small shopping complex and open space which was busy with families and tourists.  There was also a small market which according to our guide was unusual. Access to the tower us by a pair of lifts which were not busy so we didn’t wait long to get to the viewing platform.  This is on two levels, the upper having an external area.  Souvenirs and snacks are available including a self serve sweet shop which was very popular.Well worth a visit and I imagine the night time view would be even more spectacular.", June 2019
276,3.0,Visit if you have time or travel with children,"it's a nice tower, but personally not a must place to visit. facilities is good, the view the the tower is great, but since this is no Iconic thing you can see from the Tower, so make it less interesting. T", May 2019
277,5.0,Exploring Seoul,"Great views of the city all around. Take the Namsan cable car from the Hoehyeon-dong platform to Yejang-dong platform at the top of Mt Namsan near the N Seoul Tower. The cable car is about 605m meters up hill over the road & forest with scenic views of Seoul below.  You then exit and walk up to the Tower level where they have many gift & food shops. From here you can buy tickets to go up and view the city, hopefully it'll be a clear day so you can see North Korea in the distance. Interestingly around the observatory are the names of many world cities with the distance to each one, depending which direction you are facing. The atmosphere is one similar to going up the CN Tower in Toronto but with the added excitement of actually doing it in Korea. The city is truely amazing & full of life.", May 2019
278,5.0,Beautiful,We took the cable car up to the tower.  It was a lot bitter than I imagined.  It has few restaurants and many sites for photos.  We loved walking around the tower and taking in the view of the city.  We ate at the restaurant at the tower and it was surprising really good.  It was well worth the trip., May 2019
279,5.0,A Seoul must! (But avoid weekends),"We were here on a tuesday afternoon and it was perfect. Stunning view over the entire city. The cable cart cost about 10,000 won, and so did the entrence to the observation deck. The restaurant on the observation deck is very pricey, but there is a great Italian restaurant on first floor with an AMAZING view.", May 2019
280,5.0,Great view,I was using cable car to reach this place. And it's so amazing. You could see Seoul from this place. This place is so romantic 😍., April 2019
281,4.0,Lovely views,There was a slight uphill walk to get to the base of tower. Some lovely views of the city from the Tower., February 2019
282,5.0,Love this attraction must see for Seoul visit ,I love this place getting there was as much fun as the attraction lots to do great views and plenty of great pictures The lines can be very long depending on the time of year you visit You can walk but we took a cab and then used the cable tram to get to the top.The lines for tickets and tram can get long just keep that in mind.We spent about 4 hours at this attraction, January 2019
283,5.0,Fantastic views of Seoul.,"A bit of a uphill walk from myeongdong' but so worth it once you make it to the top. There is a tram that will bring you to the base of the tower, then take the elevator to the viewing deck of the tower, for a charge for both.", April 2019
284,5.0,Spectacular View at the Top,"We visited the N Seoul Tower in April 2019, and were not disappointed. The surrounding was beautiful with cherry blossoms all around it.  The view was spectacular, especially at the top of the tower.We bought the tickets the day before on Trazy.com, and got a 25% discount. It was easy to exchange e-vouchers for tickets at the kiosks at the Tower.My recommendation is to take the bus (cheaper than cable car), which drop people off near the tower - only a short walk to it. Be prepare to walk uphill a little bit.", April 2019
285,3.0,Pleasant surrounding,"We were advised on which bus to take.  The view at the foot of the tower was beautiful.Bought ticket up to Observatory floor on 5th floor which included lunch at Hancock restaurant, cost 50,000 won altogether.  The view was nothing special.", May 2019
286,4.0,Seoul Tower was good but not the cable car.,"If you intend to take the cable car to and fro to Seoul Tower , please dont as it is not worth it , More than 35, were sardined in and with hardly any place to move , there is nothing to enjoy. Its just a waste of money. Take the bus.", May 2019
287,3.0,"""Nice but...""","I really had high expectations of this place since I had read so much about it and being a K-drama fan, I thought it would be a wonderful and a romantic place. Well,maybe it would have been different if we went up the other way with the cable car but we went up there as past of a half-day tour. First of all, you can't get up to the tower area itself without walking up or taking a city bus or being part of a tour. No cars are allowed. That part was okay as we did go up by bus. What was disappointing was that it seemed very commercialized. There was a fee to go  to the top of the tower. That was understandable but then.they take a photo of you when you enter which of course comes with a price tag. And it was extra to go into the Hello Kitty area which seemed like a promo store??? We didn't go in. Don't get me wrong, the view was nice from the top and outside where you have the love locks and park area. I guess I'm just a bit jaded because of my disappointment. Maybe it would have been nicer to go in the evening with all the lights. But to me-you do it once...", May 2019
288,4.0,Get a Combo Ticket,"The views from the tower were amazing! The walk up the hill to the cable was not but it’s South Korea and its mountainous. I highly recommend getting a combo ticket. My friend and I got one that included two tickets up the tower, two popcorns (1 regular flavour and 1 special flavour — we chose caramel) and two drinks all for 22,000KRW. A single ticket up the tower for an adult was 10,000KRW so if you are with someone, get the combo, it’s such a good deal!", May 2019
289,5.0,Nice,Beautiful view and relaxing 😌 up here!! On the way up here they have many cute coffee ☕️ shop and some good snack too !! Best way to come up here from your hotel is Taxi 🚖!!!, February 2019
290,4.0,Nice views,"Well, pretty much what you'd expect - some great views, some tacky but fun souvenirs etc. Cable car ride is fun, as is expected. Nice territory to walk around as well.", May 2019
291,4.0,Peak of Seoul,"Went here because I skipped it my past 2 visits to Seoul. It was quite a hike from Myeongdong to the cable car station to bring us up the tower (I forgot how much but around 9000 won roundtrip), but it’s manageable. After getting off the cable car, you can already see colorful “love locks” all over; you can place your own. (If you don’t have a lock they sell it there.) You can also take photos of the Tower from that area. Then there is an option to pay to get up the N tower itself. Since we didn’t want to eat another buffet meal, we only got the tickets with pizza and pasta meal for 2 (not at the top of the tower though), but the pizza especially was superb. At the tower itself, we didn’t need to stay long; 15-20 minutes was more than enough. It was fun to play the interactive booth game though, where you can say hi to people at the Busan tower. :)", May 2019
292,5.0,View from the top,"While the tower itself is like most viewing towers, the whole experience is unique.   You start from the walk up to the cable car centre. Then there is the joy of taking the cable car up to the base of the tower. Once you arrive on the other side, there are lots of picture spots", March 2019
293,5.0,360 view,The view from observatory deck is fantastic.. It worth to visit.. It easy to access from itaewon by bus no 03 and from myeongdong bus no 05.., April 2019
294,5.0,My #imightSeoulyou trip,"South korea is truly bless by nature. You can ride or hike going to namsan tower. It was spring when i came so the scenery is superb😍 It best to travel during spring,summer,atumn", May 2019
295,5.0,Good garden and small tower,Good view on mointaintop. But the Seoul Tower is smaller than Tokyo Tower and Shanghai Tower and 101Taipei., May 2019
296,4.0,City views nature walk,We walked up to base of the tower and back. Pleasant climb in a natural setting. The top on the hill has some shops and food and some public seats so you can spend some time. , May 2019
