,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Tricky to find and explore,"Attention last time I checked the trip advisor location is wrongly placed. Search for ""Ihwa Mural Village"" on Google map for a correct location. Once there the village is on a hill so be ready to climb up and down a lot if you want to find all the drawings. It's a lot of explore", July 2018
1,4.0,Stair painting erased ,, February 2018
2,4.0,Fishes not any more on the steps.,"I admired the photos showing the red fish on the steps but unfortunately, it had been washed away by the rain and snow. There are too many interesting murals remained and the neighborhood worth to visit if you are in love with wall paintings.", April 2017
3,5.0,Art!!,"Such a nice area! Art everywhere, on the walls, on the air! Lot of people taking pictures around! Souvenirs and a good coffee can be found", March 2017
4,5.0,Fun game of I-Spy,"We went to this area of town after having looked online to see what there was to see.  We knew what we were looking for and it was a fun game of ""find the ________"" as we wandered the streets.  Was disappointed that the goldfish stairs and flower stairs were painted grey for the current time until three months from now as they were being redone (at least according to a local) but there were still tons of other things to see!  We took the subway and then wandered the area as we made our way back!  Fun for kids (they loved posing in front of the different pieces of art as well as looking for them) and interesting for adults!", May 2016
5,3.0,Fish and flowers are gone!,"It was very disappointing to find out that the stairs with fish and mosaic flowers were painted over with grey paint. The remaining murals are OK but not worth all the hassle that is required to get there. If you however want to go there let me give you detailed instructions. Go to Dongdaemun station. From exit 10 head straight for approx 30m till you see a bus stop with a bright green ""03"" bus number on it. It will be a small green bus and Naksan Park is the last stop (do not freak out when bus driver will make a loop just at the bus entrance). Then, when facing the park you'll have entrances on left and right - go right if you want to get a paper map. If you chose this entrance, walk approx 30 metres towards the park until you will see wooden stairs (with green stripes on the steps) leading down. Take the stairs (two sets of them) and head left. Within few steps you will see a path leading straight and an U-turn. Take the U-turn (you will see a metal installation of a man and a dog). After few steps you will find a little pub/cafe called Jazz Story. They have paper maps of the murals and toilets! Once you have a map you can find your way round (you have to walk the U-turn back). The bus stop is also marked on the map.", May 2016
6,4.0,Tons of Nice Mural Arts along the Up Hill Alley,Can shoot many shots along the alleys until top of the hill. It's better to visit in the morning (before noon) or late afternoon., November 2015
7,3.0,"An attraction, far faaar awaaay~",, May 2015
8,5.0,Nice,, November 2015
9,3.0,Good place if wanted more photo collections.,Easily reachable by the subway. Need to climb up the hills to reach the mural paintings area. I'll suggest to wear a comfortable shoe. :), November 2015
10,4.0,Don't miss!,, November 2015
11,4.0,Let's enjoy stroll.,, January 2015
12,5.0,Love to find this place!,"One thing for sure, to find the place is easy, if you read the direction map carefully! I thanked for a review in Trip Advisor that gave me the clear direction. Went here a couple months a go, and the feeling of post-visit is still here. I'm amazed on how those art works put places in this village. Definitely the right place to strike poses! Try explore the places a bit further, and you might get different art works that you've seen in internet.", March 2015
13,4.0,Really worth the climb!,, May 2015
14,5.0,Great place for photography and relaxation,"Took Line 4 until Hyehwa station, and walked up the hill after exit 2. It was autumn when I was here - spent a few hours waiting for evening sun around 4 or 5-ish to shine through this place - definitely worth the wait for pictures!! A lot of wall paintings around the neighbourhood. Isn't many cafes/restaurants here though. Good thing is that the park is free - would come here again for relaxation and pictures", November 2014
15,4.0,Art painting,"We were here by Nov 2014. We came around 4pm. We walked along the slope up to the Naksan park then down to the another slope,from here we can see many famous stairs painting eg. Gold fish & flower painting. It's very valueble because it was free. It's located inside the residential area therefore there is a notice attached on the wall beside to remind the tourist to keep the volume low. The alley is small space, lots of tourist so quite difficult to take the picture.", November 2014
16,5.0,Interesting Street Art in Naksan Park Neighbourhood,"There is this small neighourhood on Naksan Park made famous by all the street arts on its small alleys. We decided to make a visit on our last morning in Seoul.  We took the Subway Line 4 and alighted at Hyehwa Station.  We got out of the Station at Exit No. 2, and turned left to go up the hill.  We walked past the Naksan Hill Park, and soon arrived at the Neighbourhood.  We knew we have arrived at the place when we started to see creative paintings on walls.  It was fun to take pictures here and each turn we make, we see another different painting, it was joyful.  There were a handful of small cafes, but as we were early, many of them were not open yet.  After spending some time in the neighbourhood, we went down the hill, and ended up near the Lock museum, where we found more street art and cafes.  This is where we had our morning cafe.", March 2014
