,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Great stretch of Seoul City Wall,"The walk up to Naksan Park from the subway station might be a tad challenging, however the walk is a short one. We were able to see a good stretch of Seoul City Wall and part of Seoul from Naksan Park.", November 2019
1,4.0,serene park to clear your mind,, September 2019
2,3.0,You can walk this park with a free guide,"For a young country like South Korea, this park has changed a lot. The best way to learn about the history and changes in the park and the wall surrounding the park book a free walking tour. This one is called ""Seoul fortress"" and takes about 2 hours. You will learn about Korean history, the 4 main gates, visit the wall museum and walk up to the top of the park to get a good view of Seoul. It takes 2 to 3 hours because you have to get to the Dongdaemun Station to meet the guide.", October 2019
3,4.0,Quiet city park,, June 2019
4,4.0,Very nice,It's a nice park with great views on the city. It's very steep. It's next to Ihwa Maeul so it is easy to combine the two., May 2019
5,5.0,less crowded place to enjoy sakura,"Close to mural village and good leisurely place to hike.  The view at the top is amazing and can see Seoul N tower from far away.  The sakura there was unbelievable and relatively less crowded, so you can actually have a picnic and enjoy the view from the top.  Can also hike from Naksan park down along the way to DongDaeMun in around an hour if taking your time to take in everything.  Would definitely recommend, even those with children.", April 2019
6,4.0,Naksan Park walk,, April 2019
7,4.0,Quiet and beautiful,, April 2019
8,5.0,"Best Seoul,s view with less visitor","Most of foreign tourist is really familiar with Namsan Park with its cable car and beautiful Seoul's view from the mountain. But, for domestic, there is one similar spot near Dongdaemun, it called Naksan Park. There is China's Great Wall miniatur and you can stroll along this wall to get the peak. The other way, after arriving at dongmyo station exit 10, you can take local green bus no.3 to Naksan Park directly, more efficient for family trip... :)", November 2018
9,4.0,Seoul Secret/Hallyu couple place - Naksan Park,, November 2018
10,5.0,You've probably seen this place in K-Drama,"Famous place from all the K-Drama. We visited it while walking in the Ihwa Mural Village. We didn't pick the Naksan Park path, instead we climb the Ihwa Mural Village until we find the famous wall where all the K-Drama happening. It's nice and we'll probably hike the Naksan Park if it's not raining", October 2018
11,4.0,Pleasant Walk. Awesome View.,, September 2018
12,5.0,Worth the Hike!,, August 2018
13,5.0,Hilly city park,"Now this isn't a place I would seek out but we discovered it on our hiked uphill along the City Wall walking from Dongdaemun, the park is situated high on a ridge overlooking several Seoul neighbourhoods, so it was a great place for views.  The park is spread down the hill, within the hilly park there were seats, a small pavilion with wooden platform for sitting and at the very bottom of the park a good collection of outdoor exercise equipment if this is your thing.  Leaving the park we took the long set of wooden stairs down into the neighbourhood of Daehangno.  I would suggest hiking in this direction as the opposite direction walking towards Dongdaemun I would think would be more challenging.", April 2018
14,5.0,Awesome photo opportunity,Went in the evening and there were many locals there taking photos as well. It was a long climb from Hyehwa station but the view was awesome., July 2018
15,3.0,An arduous climb!,"This park is relatively easy to find, as it is very near HyeHwa station. The park is quite quiet, and there is a tiring climb to the 3 observations points. The summit has a very nice view of the city.", June 2018
16,5.0,Great hike with great views,This is part of the old city wall in Seoul. The walk up to the wall at the top of the hill is very steep  but worth the effort.  From there you can walk downhill along the wall to Dongdaemun gate, June 2018
17,5.0,Amazing park surrounded by city walls,, November 2017
18,3.0,not bad,"Not bad for a half day trip. Nice view of the city on top of the hill. The old city wall is quite well maintained but quite tiring to walk uphill. Some stairs are too steep. I came in mid April and saw some cherry blossoms. Way beyond its peak but still nice to walk around. Near the entrance of the park, there is a mural village and a shopping street full of cafes and restaurants.", April 2017
19,4.0,An underrated place!!,, September 2017
20,5.0,Amazing View at Night!,"Had a nice walk here with my friend, stroll around and enjoy the night view. There are only few people going here.", November 2016
21,4.0,Great view of Seoul,"This was a good place to hike. It was very hot however and lots of uphill climb to get to the top. We however did this during mid-day, so the sun was strong. It is located right in the Seoul old city wall, so that was neat. But be prepared for a steep climb. At the top, there were some pavilions to rest in, which was nice considering the climb. There is an easier, longer walk I believe to the top, but we did the stairs. It is also located close to the mural village. Would recommend, but probably better to do later in day for night view or early in morning before sun is at strongest.", June 2017
22,4.0,Amazing few of Seoul for free,"Great place to view the city, however it requires to climb a bit of a moutain to get there. Also Hyehwa district is full of cool places for eating out.", May 2017
23,4.0,One the best city view!,City walls make here's scenery perfect. Especially for sun set in a open day you can see the perfect combination of Seoul's city-nature combined face!, May 2017
24,5.0,Me and my boyfriend trip,I went there in winter. I think it's a bit cold but if you go to top of the park between park and Ihwa mural you will see the beatiful city views. And you will see the cute village called Ihwamurall., February 2017
25,4.0,Enjoyable Walk,"The art murals are so-so and many are abit dated. However, it is still a place worth visiting as you get to see some of the cultural arts and the great views @ the submit. There are shops renting uniform cosplay and many local students renting them for photo shoots.", April 2017
26,5.0,Walk,Is a long walk with a great view of the city. Close to the Mural Village. Lots of restaurants/coffee shops around and some art galleries close as well, March 2017
27,3.0,Walk and Hike,We happened to find Naksan Park while walking around the mural village. It was peaceful and quiet so we were able to stroll around the park and enjoy the view. There's not much to do unless you want to hike up and go further. I wouldn't recommend going on a chilly day as it gets really cold towards end of the day. I'm sure the view is much nicer during spring and fall., November 2016
28,5.0,Long Walk,"Rather than a hiking feel, it has more of an incline long walk kinda feel. Weather was chilly when I had my walk from Dondaemun all the way up to Naksan Park. Beautiful scenery. One can slowly take their time to roam around the area and enjoy the landscape.", January 2017
29,4.0,Pleasant autumn walk along Naksan fortress wall,, November 2016
30,5.0,Hike in the middle of Seoul ,"If you're looking for a moderate hike along a part of the old wall of the city, then I highly recommend this.  The views are pretty amazing.  You can see the mountains, skyline, including the N Seoul Tower.  We didn't hike the entire section.  If you're taking the metro here, get off at the Dongdaemun station and take exit 10.  Cross the street and start your hike.  Walk along the wall until you get to the main park on your left.  From there, you can gradually walk down the path and stairs.  You'll find a convenience store and bathrooms.  Make your way down and you'll find yourself in an artsy neighborhood of galleries, restaurants and cafes.  Once you get yourself to Daehak-ro, you'll see the Line 4 Hyehwa station.", October 2016
31,3.0,Seoul city wall,"In the attempt to trace the old city wall, part of it  is up in Naksan. Take metro to Hyehwa station, there is some walk from the station, find the Lock Museum, there is a street nearby leading you uphill, quite steep I must say, but the view up on the mountain is rewarding.", November 2015
32,5.0,Excellent place for walking ,"I like it so much. I spent my evenings at that place, looked city view and felt sunset. Also very good for walking exercise.", August 2016
33,4.0,"A bit hard to find at first, but well worth it for the view",, July 2016
34,5.0,Green respite,"A nice walk from the subway. You will pass by the Street Art Village, it's a quiet serene albeit steep climb up to the fortress wall but well worth the night view. We went around evening time, 7 pm when it was still bright, but the gentle breeze and dipping moon made the walk worthwhile. After the walk, you can walk back to the subway, and there are many eateries and shops due to the universitys located near it.", July 2016
35,3.0,Recommended who love adventure,"An interesting place to find tranquility. In addition, it is very convenient to spend time with family or friends. accessible by bus or using the subway but need to walk nearly 2 km.", May 2016
36,4.0,Good place for a stroll,"It leads perfectly on from the top of Ihwa mural village, so we went via the park back down to the main road. We went in mid-summer but there was a wonderful breeze and the weather was beautiful. There is a big pavillion where you can sit and rest and lots of trees for shade. It's a nice escape from the city, would definitely recommend after going to Ihwa mural village, but probably wouldn't make the effort to go just for the park. There are supposed to be nice views at the top but it was a pretty steep climb so we didn't make it there sadly.", June 2016
37,5.0,Наксан парк good travel,"Thanks. Nice park. Very clean. Have gym, Wi-Fi, gallery. So nice, great. In Seoul Sound Korea.  Welcome.", June 2016
38,4.0,Peaceful park with a nice fortress walk,"The Seoul city wall walk is highly recommended. If you can't do the whole walk, this makes a good section to choose. You can start at Dongdaemun and walk to Naksan Park and visit the mural village nearby. Naksan Park offers nice views of Seoul. Bring some snacks and get some exercise. This area is clean and safe and offers exercise machines as well.", April 2016
39,4.0,"Lovely place for a walk, nice night views of Seoul","I visited this place at night and though it was a bit of a walk from nearby Hyehwa station – and a steep climb in some areas – it was good exercise! This area is just great to hang out with friends, exercise, or take your pets for a walk. Also, along the outer perimeter of the area, and further up, along the face of the wall, the views of Seoul are really beautiful, particularly at night.", April 2016
40,4.0,Nice walk with views of Seoul and art shops,"Nice walk with good views of Seoul, the wall and plenty of art shops where to stock on souvenirs and gifts. Quiet and less crowded than other places in the city.", April 2016
41,4.0,Nice place to visit,"There's very good place for see the city view. You'll see all of Seoul from there, it's very beautiful.", January 2016
42,4.0,Good For Morning Exercise n visit the Ihwa Mural Village,It is located next to Ihwa Mural Village and we took the chance to visit the park.  We went there in the morning and were able to take a look at the city from above.  Expected to have nice view at night but we did not return due to other schedule., December 2015
43,5.0,really nice and relaxing,"we went on sunday morning. It was really quiet. We walked about 1 hour and half. The trail starts next to the Dongdaemoon gate. The trail goes next to many private houses on the hill. I saw locals going home from the trails. It is beautiful during the fall as the trees turn colors. I picked up some nice ginko leaves (the yellow ones). I have never been to this side of Seoul and it was nice to see that in the middle of the city, there is a park and trail. it was beautiful.", November 2015
44,4.0,Worth visiting both Ihwa Mural Village and Naksan Park at the same time,"Our family of four's primary objective was to explore Ihwa Mural Village. We were busy taking pictures of murals along the narrow and steep road and did not realize that we have reached the entrance of the Park. We saw the staircase leading to the top of the park and decided not to climb up the steps as my elderly family members were a bit tired after walking up the steep road. Nevertheless, we were happy that we have reached here. The air was fresh and had a good view of the city. There were some interesting sculptures in the vicinity and the autumn leaves were beautiful. On our was down, we were thrilled to witness a movie shooting scene in action.", November 2015
45,5.0,Park with a great night view and easy access to subway station and daehak ro,"I really love this place since its near daehak ro so I can have meals or drinks at the same time. This place was actually a fortress in the past. now it became a park for citizens. it has such a great night view and also near e-hwa painting wall village. If you have more time i recommend you visit both,", October 2015
46,5.0,Love it ! ,A good walk from Town to this hilly park which u can see much of Seoul here . The Naksan Art street was fodder to a photographer's dream. Quaint shops n nice autumn leaves along the way ., November 2015
47,4.0,Nice Park,"Many drawing on the house and view are nice, also can enjoy the red leaves in seoul when you go with the right timing!!!", November 2015
48,5.0,A stunning place ,This place is incredibly beautiful. I recommend this park for everyone. I liked the weather over there because it's so calming and away from Seoul city. I felt the real fresh air in there, August 2015
49,5.0,lovely hiking place,a small lovely hiking place in seoul. the pathway follows up the various castle walls leading up to the seoul namsan tower towards the end. amazing little escape from the busy city life., September 2015
50,4.0,Bring your drinks,"It's a good park to visit if you bring some drinks at night, don't mind a 20 min steep walk, don't mind a confusing way up, and are already in the area.  There are bigger and better mountains.", January 2015
51,5.0,Best view place to chill out,"One of my favorite place in Seoul, especially around Jongno and Daehakno(Hyehwa) area. It can be a little tricky to find a way to get there, and a bit demanding to climb. However, once you reach the park, you're gonna admire the view and say wow. The air up there is fresh and clean it's both nice on daytime and nightime. A small tip is, bring a bottle of beer with you(it's legal in Korea to drink outside).", August 2015
52,5.0,interesting,Interesting place to visit. I love every part of mural art on the wall. I would to recomend to come here if you like to take picture, October 2014
53,5.0,Great hiking trip,"It was a beautiful experience, I knew I had to come here during my stay in Seoul. It was a humid and hot day, but with iced water and ice cream, we walked up to the park, and it was lovely and very zen like. There was classical music coming from the speakers, and great views from the top. Conveniently, there's toilets and benches here and there. The city wall was nice to see and we took great pictures from the top. Must see!", July 2015
54,4.0,Nice view of Seoul city,Went to this park for a short walk after visiting the mural village. Went to 2 out of the 3 observations points and had a great view of the city. Recommended to come if you're heading up to the mural village., June 2015
55,3.0,being part of Naksan tour,, May 2015
56,5.0,"A short visit, but definitely worth your time","Going up the Naksan hill is not at the top of Seoul's top destinations, but I highly recommend you take the detour and try it anyways. The neighborhood surrounding the hill is very enjoyable (Ihwa, Hyewha, Daehangno), and the park itself is very nice. It says ""park"", but think of it as a small hill or mountain. The park is very clean and the vegetation very nice. You can also walk along the old Seoul city walls and follow them to get back down to (or up from) the city. What is so great about the park is the view. Despite being significantly lower than Namsan tower (and mountain), the views from Naksan are mostly unobstructed, giving you a majestic view of most of Seoul (including Namsan Mountain and Tower). The ""Northern view"" is a bit less spectacular, but nice nonetheless. It probably takes 15 or 20 minutes to walk up to the top of the hill, but the view you get makes it look like you've just climbed for 2 hours.", May 2015
57,5.0,Panoramic views,"Spectacular way to see the city and surrounding mountains.  Hope for a clear day, but it is so ideally located near the palaces, major shopping/tourist areas, close to the subway lines and the really incredible Old City Wall - which you can walk for many kms!  Take your time or get some good exercise, but the walk is a little steep, but well worth it.  Enjoy this special place in the city!", April 2015
58,5.0,Incredible view for zero dollar,"Walk all the way from Hyehwa station up to Naksan Park, is one of my favourite park. If you watch k-drama, this is probably one of the most typical place for filming. Recommend to come around 5pm-6pm. This took me about 40min, very steep slope along the way, no shortcut, and the only way up is the only way down. The route was quite confusing,I end up walking to another station. But the view was incredible and it is filled with those wall arts! Nice place for photography.", June 2014
59,3.0,Nice park with a nice city view,A nice park with a nice city view reached by walking through the city walls. This park is usually full of couples and there are always interesting performances and other kinds of shows. It is also a good example of urban transformation since the area was previously a slum., October 2014
60,5.0,A hard beginning makes a good ending.,"As the title. When u finally climb up to the highest place of the park, I'll see a beautiful view of Seoul. I suggest that you can go there by the evening and u'll see the beautiful view with the romantic sunlight. it's a great place really!!!", October 2014
61,4.0,Slow the pace and enjoy the view,If you are looking to slow the pace and to relax or engage in light exercise Naksan Park is a nice respite.   It is a place where you can sit and talk and enjoy the views of the city from hills of the park.   There is a circuit with outdoor exercise equipment that some of the locals use on a regular basis.  Probably a good place to take the kids and let them burn off some energy but then to just slow everything down. The overall setting is peaceful and refreshing. There is a fortress wall leading to the ancient east gate of the city.  You get to see a wide spectrum of Seoul as you navigate from the park to the alleys and streets around the east gate.      Easily reached by the No. 4 subway line., October 2014
62,5.0,Nice Gem of a Park Near the Palace Quarter,"We found this great park near where we were staying in the Palace Quarter.  It has superb views of different parts of Seoul, a fortress wall partially surrounded it, and some lovely trails.  It's definitely worth a stroll on a beautiful afternoon.  And right outside of the park is a cool, funky neighborhood that they call ""Mural Village"" because of the gorgeous murals painted on the buildings.  Mural Village and Naksan Park will make a splendid day out in Seoul.", April 2014
63,4.0,Nice Park,"We passed by Naksan Park on our way to the Naksan Neighbourhood in search of the Backlane Alley Street Art.  The Park is located on a hill and overlooks the city.  The view is good, and the flowers were blooming the day we were there.  The weather was great and we had a very good morning walk.", March 2014
64,4.0,Breathtaking views,"We were actually trying to find the street where loads of artwork on the walls and floors/stairs but did not find it, however, we did walk everywhere around Naksan Park and we really loved the views it gives if the quieter part if the city compared to the modernised parts of Seoul. We think it will take around 3 hours to walk around, however, you reall could make a day of it.", December 2013
65,4.0,Follow old wall surrounding city limits...,"Old Seoul had become a capital city due to its strategic location. River (Han) to the south, and mountain ranges surrounding the city. Naksan is one of the mountains that protects the old Seoul city and thus you can view the restored city walls when you visit this site. The park itself it not a hugely impressive sight other than there is a really nice view of the city from observation points. Recommend following the path that follows the old wall, explore the little gates and also neighborhood right below which was saved due to the interesting murals put up by the locals (they were supposed to be under city renewal and taken down). If you follow the wall path all the way, you land yourself in front of East gate of Seoul.", November 2013
66,4.0,Naksan Park and surrounding residential Ihwadong Mural,, June 2013
