,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,"Nice, Quiet place with great views of Namsan","I went in winter near the end of the day, maybe 3 or 4 pm and it was super quiet and peaceful. They had a special event with some beautiful cloth hanging up, and some other winter games. It was quite fun and a nice place to start the hike to Namsan Tower", December 2019
1,5.0,Appreciate various building structure of korean community,Definitely well worth a visit. Affordable entrance fees and there is a schedule for english guide tour. Spent 2 hours there and easily accessible on foot from nearest subway., February 2019
2,4.0,Walk and fresh air ,"It is early winter and the air is fresh and cold. We walked from our hotel up The track and down to this village. I can imagine how beautiful it will be when in spring. But many local still walk here, business Executives that walked after their finished their lunch. Senior folks", December 2019
3,5.0,One of the most romantic fall attractions and panoramic view in Seoul,If you want a good view of North Seoul Tower and its surrounding Namsan Mountains plus a beautiful garden right at the heart of Seoul then look no further than booking your nearest hotel in Namsangol Hanok Village which is near the Exit 4 and 7 of Chungmuro Station. By exit 4, November 2019
4,3.0,Small and Free,"My visit here occurred on my third time in Seoul and I did not regret missing it on my first two trips. Unlike other recreated villages I have gone to worldwide, this one offers only five traditional houses, which have been moved here. They provide a good cross-section of how", November 2018
5,5.0,Beautiful and Educational,This is a great place to spend the afternoon exploring and seeing the traditional style of living and shops. Really loved it here and It's free and easy to walk around., September 2019
6,5.0,Birthday trip,"I loved this tour. The steep inclines and quaint houses and shops is reminiscent of our tour in Tuscany (on much smaller scale). So picturesque, I can understand the attraction for tourists. But I sympathize with the residents having to put up with us taking selfies in their", September 2019
7,5.0,Very nice,This Hanok village is easy to find and is walking distance from my hotel. The heritage houses are well maintained and is good to visit inspite of being free access, April 2019
8,5.0,A peek at Joseon culture and traditional houses,I didn't have high expectations as I went to Bukchon Hanok Village before; so reckon it'll be similar ie cafes housed in traditional houses etc. But at Namsangol Hanok Village (NHV) surprises me at every turn. First you can experience 1 hour sleeping time in the hanok (for a, July 2019
9,5.0,Excellent ,"We visited yesterday, 20/07/19, a family of 6 aged between 6 - 69. No entrance fee that we noticed. Information hut was on your immediate right after entry. Lovely clean toilets all the way round the area.  This trip was throughly enjoyed by all. It was a nice steady walk around", July 2019
10,4.0,Good,"It’s very close to our hotel. Its a good place to visit, cultural heritage with traditional houses. Fresh atmosphere.  It’s free access. Also its not so many people like other tourist attractions, so i like it. ", May 2019
11,5.0,Great way to experience Korean culture ,"This place is a hidden jewel if you experience some of the traditional Korean culture. The park itself is peaceful and very walkable. One must try “Experience Korea” items at a nominal fee such as making  bow and arrows, making crafts, making game pieces, rice cakes, etc. The", June 2019
12,4.0,Nice Village,Just take a short walk from Chungmuro station and you will reach this village. Admission is free. We walked around the few traditional houses and the pond nearby. It is small but peaceful and not crowded. A great place for a stroll and photos., May 2019
13,4.0,A good look into what Korean life was like,"This is a good place if you want to know what Korean culture is like. They have a replica of a Korean village with the traditional furniture. There were demonstrations of Korean activities, ranging from Korean toys, make Korean rice dumplings and a Korean tightrope walker.", June 2019
14,2.0,Nothing interested us,"We stayed in Tmark hotel which was just opposite this village and we thought we could just come over to see what it has to offer.  But found that the old buildings were converted to teahouse, shop, etc and the place is connected to a big park.  Did not explore further as we had", May 2019
15,4.0,Good if you plan on partaking in any activities ,"The village is very pretty but pretty small. We were nearby and decided to take a stroll inside but did not book any of the activities offered (archery making, tea ceremony, costume rentals, etc). We visited on a Friday morning and it was quiet and empty. Ended up sitting by the", May 2019
16,4.0,Great for free attraction,"Hanok cluster, folk game zone, pavilions, ponds, time capsule square, etc. It's a great place to spend 2~3 hours. The location is really good as well. 3 min walk from Metro #3, #4 Chungmuro Station. Near the metro station, there's a bus to N Seoul Tower, too.", March 2019
17,4.0,recreated village..nice to know traditional culture.,i was taken to this village as a tour package and found it quite interesting place to explore korean traditional culture. it is a recreated village by the government to preserve Korean traditional for the people. nice visit., March 2019
18,5.0,Hanok Village,"this is the best place to experience the people staying in hanok those era.  after viewing all the hanoks in this village, feels like staying in a hanok for my next trip just for the experience.  free entrance too.", March 2019
19,4.0,Worth a walk to see the exhibits,"After walking Namsan Park, we happened upon a pathway to take us back to our hotel which cut through the Namsangol Hanok Village area.  On the day we visited, there was a free exhibition and we took advantage of the opportunity to look at both exterior buildings and the", November 2018
20,5.0,Traditional village,"Nice place to visit just near Myeongdong where we stayed.  Not much crowd, so you can walk, sit and enjoy the place.  Its traditional village, depending on the season there are scheduled events. Check during your visit.", June 2018
21,4.0,An interesting (and free) Hanok Village and park to visit,"My partner and I had spent a couple of hours around Gwangjiang Market, and decided to walk the 2+ kilometeres back to our hotel on the western edge of Myeongdong. As we are want to do, we like to make the occasional detour if we think a street, or distant object/building might", November 2018
22,4.0,Korean history ,Nice historic park for learning about ancient Korean lifestyles and living. Surrounding park has nice trails.  Many local weddings take place here.  Relaxing place to spend an hour or two., November 2018
23,4.0,Great place for pictures ,This village is as beautiful as the buchon. They are different but both will be worth the visit. The plus point is it’s near the subway station. The cafe located within the premise has a nice ambience. I had the ginger citron tea and it was fantastic. , December 2018
24,4.0,A beautiful Park,This is a relaxing and great place to visit in the afternoon. It is easy to navigate and very clean. An audio tour is recommended to get the beautiful history and background on this lovely site., December 2018
25,4.0,"Recreated Hanok Village, FREE to explore","Namsangol is a sprawling open space, great for kids to run around freely. There's definitely less tourists here, so taking pictures is easy. Unlike Bukchon Hanok Village where you have to mind your voice volume in respect to the residents, few guests get annoyed by noise here.", November 2018
26,5.0,Cultural!,It's free to go in. It's huge and beautiful. It's connected to the park where you can also seethe Seoul Tower from afar. They have lots of free programs you can attend - interactive or just to watch and learn. Lots of traditional games you can play. , November 2018
27,5.0,Step back in to the past ,A great way to preserve the old buildings and you can also do calligraphy classes here to very picturesque , November 2018
28,5.0,Lovely place and many activities for kids,"This place is conveniently located right in the heart of the city and worth visiting. Unlike Bukchon Hanok Village where you could only admire the houses from the outside, here you can actually get inside and walk around the houses. We were there on Sunday and there was a real", October 2018
29,5.0,Lovely Traditional Place,I found this beautiful traditional village across the street from our guesthouse in Seoul. It has 5 restored Korean traditional houses. The village is not to big but has a beautiful scenery with autumn leaves from the trees. This is as perfect as Bukchon village or Korean Folk, October 2018
30,3.0,Replacement for korean folk village,"If you don't want to paid for korean folk village and still want to enjoy some Korean history village, then can have a short trip here. Nothing much compare as this is free. Please come on weekend as more activity else it just a <1 hour trip. There is a free guide offering if", October 2018
31,4.0,Charming recreation of Korean village,Well done exhibits of typical Korean life from the rural past.   Homes have been reconstructed. See the earthenware pots where beans are fermented.   Homes and furnishings are on display.   Interesting place to walk around for a bit.   In the heart of Seoul so access is fairly, October 2018
32,4.0,Historical,Went here the 2nd time with my family. There's no entrance fee as well and you can pretty roam around the whole area and take good photos. If you're more into learning the history and culture in Korea. You should go here., January 2018
33,5.0,Beautiful place,"Namsangol Hanok Village is very close to Chungmuro subway. It was Chuseok when I went and there was a taekwondo exhibition, lots of food and people walking around wearing hanbok.", September 2018
34,4.0,lovely and quiet,"i went in winter so it was very quiet there were a few people around but not many very close to Chungmuro station but i walked from myeongdong so it wasn't very far at all, there is a Hanbok rental store just outside if you want to dress up bit i was flying solo so i passed on", December 2017
35,4.0,Experience traditional Korean culture,"It is less crowded than Bukchon Hanok Village and the vibe is a bit different. It is also a nice place to try on the hanbok and take photos. If one cannot have time to visit the Korean Folk Village, this Hanok Village can be a substitute as it is in Myeongdong and there are some", August 2018
36,4.0,Traditional houses ,"Very nice area with traditional Korean houses.  The houses are well maintained and decorated.  Nice garden yard area, which is very peaceful.  Pleasant place to walk and spend a casual afternoon ", July 2018
37,5.0,Beautiful ,"The scenery is amazing. My favourite part was the pond in the back with swimming fish, where i could sit down and meditate. We even saw a cat running across a bridge. ", June 2018
38,4.0,Quiet Stroll Through Traditional Houses,"If you like quiet and peaceful strolls whilst enjoying a good view, the NamSanGol Hanok Village is for you. There's not much going on here besides looking at traditional Korean homes (aristocratic) but the walk and sightseeing is quite quaint and serene.  But in all honesty,", August 2017
39,5.0,Architectural,5 mins walk from Chungmuro subway station (exit 4). Free admission but closed on Tuesday. Namsangol Hanok display Hanok (traditional Korean house) from several wealthy family.   Personally I prefer Namsangol Hanok compared to Bukchon Hanok because there are many activities in, July 2018
40,4.0,Quaint,"In Korean, this means ""village of traditional houses in the Namsan Valley"". It's in the Pildong neighborhood in Junggu district of Seoul. They try to be authentic to the period, which adds to the charm. We saw many people coming in traditional attire and posing for photos. Very", August 2017
41,3.0,Good place for photos,Went in mid June close to noon time and it was a bit sunny. Temperature was still a cool 27 deg C so it was ok to walk around. The scenery is nice and is good for taking some photos but otherwise nothing very interesting., June 2018
42,4.0,Interesting walk,"If the weather is good, I'll recommend a visit to this place. The architecture is lovely and a lot of the houses have rooms decorated in traditional style, allowing you a peek into Korea's past. It's not a 'walk in and look' - you can stand outside the door and look in, craning", May 2018
43,4.0,A hidden jewel not mentioned by most tourist attraction lists -,I have been in Seoul several times and never made it to this Traditional Garden and Hanok Village. A local Korean friend of mine discovered it with me on a nice Sunday afternoon. It is only about a ten minute walk from the Catholic Cathedral., May 2018
44,3.0,"Nice scenery, otherwise a bit boring","The weather was nice, so it was beautiful to walk around and take some pictures of the nearby garden and small river that runs through. Otherwise a bit boring, but if you pass by anyway have a look.", April 2018
45,4.0,Peaceful place for a stroll or picnic,The Hanok homes here are lovely but they are only a small part of the appeal of this village. There are some beautiful walking paths and picnic areas in the park around the Hanok. It is a great place for a stroll or picnic. I enjoyed seeing and listening to the babbling stream, April 2018
46,5.0,Peaceful,"I thought this place was perfect for taking a walk. It was very quiet and peaceful when I was there. The hanoks are fun to see, but there aren't very many of them. It's free, so it's great to check out if you're in the area.", June 2017
47,4.0,Seoul Trip,"Beautiful place rich of history, better to be with a tour guide to know all the stories behind which will make your visit more enjoyable.", April 2018
48,4.0,Experience Korean Architecture,"I walked down from N Seoul Tower and took a quick walk through before heading to my next activity. It was a cold day when I visited, but it was still beautiful. I have a hunch that it would be a little more interesting at night with lanterns and lights and Seoul Tower in the", February 2018
49,4.0,A Good Place to learn About Korean Culture,"Namsangol Hanok Village offers few things to the visitor to learn about Korean culture such as Hanbok fitting, archery making, rice cake making or tea ceremony experience by paying a bit of cash. There is no entrance fee if u just want to explore and see. The hanok setting is", April 2018
50,4.0,Cool,"Visited as part of a half-day, multi-site tour. It was a quick walk around and we were able to learn a bit about traditional Korean lifestyle and villages. Be sure to duck under the little walkways between buildings because you might hit your head (don't say I didn't warn ya!)", March 2018
51,4.0,Beautiful ,Even a grey day could not influence the experience at this place. Two facts helped a lot. Paper lanterns with great figures brightened the impressions there. And there was a foto shooting for an egagement which gave life to this place :-) , March 2018
52,4.0,A place to get in touch with Korean traditions ,"This village is much better than I expected! I heard from other people it was pretty much traditional houses and nothing too special, but I have to say I really liked it and would visit again. The architecture is impressive and village is quite big. You can really have a feeling", February 2018
53,3.0,Very nice but small,Very nice place you can see all traditional houses but unfortunately very small town you can finish it less than half hour , February 2018
54,5.0,Time Capsule in Namsangol Hanok,The village with traditional houses from different places of South Korea. There is the Time Capsule on the territory of that village. 600 hundred items from modern life are buried there in the ground so that 400 years later (when Seoul celebrates its 1000 years anniversary as, January 2018
55,5.0,Awesome Self-Guided Walking Tour,"Beautiful area to walk around, it's very scenic with the traditional houses and the background of the Seoul industrialized city! Information/tourist booths can be found scattered around with maps and suggested directions to walk around the area. It is hilly, which I personally", December 2017
56,3.0,Small Village Near Namdaemun,"I walk here from Namdaemun Market. This is such like small village with traditional Hanok Village. If you go to Or before go to Namdaemun, please have a visit at this area to take a photo. It will not take a long time.", December 2017
57,5.0,Best in Spring!,Enjoyed every side of it since we went there during spring. lots of flowers and cherry blossoms. there are also people and couples in hanbok who are also game to take picture with. good for family bonding too as we see lots of them having a picnic, April 2017
58,4.0,Traditional Korean House Village ,來南山谷韓屋村逛逛韓國老建築.  This is a reserved village for traditional Korean houses.  The outlook of the houses are very Chinese house like.   But the inside is more Japanese oriented (this is my be due to that Korea was once the colony of Japan).   It’s definitely a good spot to visit in, January 2017
59,4.0,Very cool attraction,"Very cool attraction - also it’s free! The houses are very well preserved, and it’s cool to walk around and see. ", September 2017
60,5.0,Enjoyed the peaceful garden and traditional houses,"We visited Namsangol Hanok Village on a weekday morning in summer.  Beautiful garden with lots of ponds, pavillions and of course the traditional hanok village.  A big place to walk around and a good place to learn about Korean Seoul culture. Definitely should visit Seoul", August 2017
61,4.0,Full of Korean traditional house,"First you don't have to pay to visit this nice place. You can see many Korean traditional home, and there are some performance you can enjoy in the evening. You can even dancing with the performers. There are also some spot where you can try some Korean traditional game here. ", November 2017
62,5.0,Better than Bukchon if you want to see Hanoks and like touching things!,"My take is this is a better bet for seeing Hanoks because Bukchon is a upperclass residential district set on a hill (people still live there, so you can't just walk in!)  In Namsangol, it is a reconstructed village (mostly of old houses that were moved there, and 1 replica), so", October 2017
63,4.0,Worth a visit,"Went during their taste of korea, that had samples of eats, drinks, and carving demos.  Pretty neat experience.  Got some goodies to try and take home.", September 2017
64,5.0,Well worth visiting,This is a great place to visit as historical house have been moved into this lovely park setting.There is a tea house and many places to admire the garden like setting. I loved having the time wandering among the ancient houses., October 2017
65,5.0,Must see,This is one place that i would highly recommend when you visit Seoul. Its like traveling back in time. Its very fascinating to see how Koreans lived during those Joseon/Shilla era and how they built the houses with those intricated designs. There's no entrance fee and you can, September 2017
66,4.0,Mid autumn festival,"It was fun and crowded with Korean to celebrate the mid autumn festival. Great experience, there was shows for the whole day, stalls for younger to participate in crafts, Korean families were picnicking, and food trucks selling Korean food.  The houses were in good shapes with", October 2017
67,2.0,Underwhelming ,Pretty empty in my opinion.  Not much going on. Just drab and unexciting.  Not really worth your time checking it out.   Free entry.  Metro exit 3, October 2017
68,5.0,Great free tour,"This village is good for seeing historical Korean buildings. It offers free 40 minute tours in a range of languages (Chinese, English, Korean and Japanese).  Check before you go what days and times have your language. ", October 2017
69,3.0,Well preserved traditional houses in the heart of the city,"My friends and I stopped by this place on our way down from Seoul tower. Tranquil surroundings,  but without activities or sufficient signboards in languages other than Korean, it is just a location with  traditional houses", August 2017
70,3.0,Traditional but Underwhelming,"I enjoyed getting to see the traditional architecture at Namsangol Hanok Village (남산골한옥마을). I think this place is most suited for photographers and those with a strong interest in Korean culture. As a tourist, it was a little underwhelming as it is essentially just walking", September 2017
71,4.0,Quaint traditional village,Went on a day tour that included Namsan Hanok Village. Had a nice walk around this quaint traditional village with beautiful architecture. The guide provided interesting narratives., December 2016
72,5.0,A hanok village meant for tourists,We visited here using the subway and exited at Chungmuro station. Entrance was free and it was a beautiful place to visit. We had a nice look around. You can even see the N Seoul Tower from here.  Plenty of tourists but the place was interesting nevertheless. Many well-preserved, October 2016
73,5.0,Korean Folk Village,"Architecture is beautiful, this place is clean and it is free to get in.   This recreation of a traditional Korean village has free shows, plenty of refreshment stands, historic recreations and is also the home to many Korean TV shows.   There is a group of student offering free", April 2017
74,4.0,Nice place,This place  is a replica of old traditional Korean villages. The entrance area is like a park and inside there is a ticket counter and a cafeteria. One can buy tickets for hiring traditional Korean dress and having a photo shoot in it for one complete hour. Overall a good place, August 2017
75,4.0,Beautiful quite village in the centre of Seoul,"Beautiful, tranquil area in the midst of all the hectic of downtown Seoul. Gives a good understanding of the traditional Korean lifestyle. Try to find and catch the 1 hour Nap Experience for W2000!", September 2017
76,5.0,An awesome Stroll before Night time in Namsan Tower...,"We thought it would be just a simple historical stroll through and head to namsan in the evening and end the night in Myeongdong. Well, the place is beautiful as you take in the gorgeous surrounding , landscape, historical structure and just the vibe on the place.   The small", May 2017
77,4.0,Good place to appreciate ancient Korean lifestyle.,Bring your camera because you are going back in time. The houses were replicate of old Korean houses.  There are some demonstration of Korean craft. Hanbok experience is also available but it's not free.  What I like most is the Taekwondo performance at 1pm.  There was a booth, September 2017
78,4.0,Very nice,Walking along the streets and watching the architecture and life gives you better idea of understanding the life of Korean people., October 2016
79,5.0,Tradition,"Absolutely amazing place to discover Korean tradition. You do not pay any fee to enjoy this place, but the traditional green tea do not taste nice for many people...", June 2017
80,5.0,convenient,"Being situated at Chungmuro station exit 3, this place is very convenient. There are various activities to take part in each day (check out the schedule when you are there) eg archery. There is small cafe inside where you get a discount for the drinks if you are in hanbok. Much", August 2017
81,3.0,Quaint but not a must see,This is a nice little replica of a traditional Korean Village but not something I would say is a must see. It would be better if there was more information about what you are seeing., July 2017
82,3.0,Good place to visit - small but quaint,"I gave this place a 3 star rating because we didn't get the full ambiance of this visit. Due to a holiday in Seoul, many of the venues were closed but we managed to walk around the grounds.  If you're in Seoul for a very short visit this place would be good to visit because you", May 2017
83,4.0,Great Cultural Experience!,"I know that Bukchon Hanok Village is popular among toruist. But this is the place where you can see traditonal korean house and learn some korean history. It looked like an excellent place to do many traditional korean stuff like caligraphy and tea ceremony. When I went there,", July 2017
84,3.0,Historical Look at regular Life in Korea,"No one lives in this village anymore, but the buildings give you an insight on what life would have been like before the 20th century", July 2017
85,5.0,Lots of fun and culture,"Great place to visit for any type of traveller. I has lots of fun there, tried traditional costumes, have taken fantastic shots of traditional buildings, the parks are amazing.", September 2016
86,5.0,A Glimpse of Korean Culture,"This is a must see for a first timer in Seoul Korea.  We went here first hour in the morning.  Had our breakfast at a resto nearby.  At the entrance we were greeted by a volunteer student tour guide, it was a free and good to learn more about the culture from a local.  We were", August 2016
87,5.0,A place to visit in the morning,"If you're an early riser, most malls will not open until 10:30. So this place is a place you might want to visit. Here you're find a few sample of one style houses. A stroll in an adjacent part is also a nice experience. Plus, this place is just next to a subway station.", July 2017
88,4.0,Second visit to show my wufe,I came here in 2016 and it was much quieter. It has now been built upon and more houses added. This old hanok village is not its original site. It's a beautiful serene place though especially the stream and rockery. Ideal picnic place. Free city wifi can be picked up here if you, June 2017
89,4.0,Learning Old Cultured at Namsangol Hanok Village,We get there using Subway Line 4 and gett off from Changmuro Station Exit 3. We ask somebody here about the direction and here we are...we enter the gate of Namsangol Hanok Village. You can get brochure and card stamped beside the Tourist Information. we enjoy watching the, June 2017
90,3.0,If time ,If you have lots of time in Seoul....see this places. But if you have few days and not much time...you can skip this village. It's a bit hard to find if you don't have a map on you mobile! It's a regular old village , June 2017
91,4.0,Small Area With Beautiful Architecture and surroundings,"The buildings were beautiful and so were the surroundings.   It's not a large area to visit, but I liked that it was not crowded and it was very enjoyable walking through the area.    My sister, niece, and I rented hanbok from the rental place right outside.   It was more", June 2017
92,4.0,Great experience at the tea house,I stumbled upon their tea house by chance and had an amazing experience. All by myself in a beautiful and peaceful tea room I had an amazing tea with blooming flowers. Very transcending experience., June 2017
93,4.0,Korean life,"Very interesting to visit thus village with traditional Korean living, a bit hard to find from our tour stop but defibately worth a visit.", June 2017
94,5.0,A pleasant surprise!,These are beautifully restored historical buildings that are mostly residential.  Go there first thing in the morning when the sun is best for taking photographs and before the tour groups arrive., May 2017
95,5.0,No entrance fee :),This place is walking distance from the train station. The traditional Korean garden will welcome you as well as the view of Namsan Tower. The Korean traditional houses have been restored to preserve the original atmosphere of the area. It is ncle to try hanbok and take pictures, April 2017
96,3.0,An OK visit but the hanbok rental is cheap :),"This place is near to our accommodation so basically we just walk to go there. If you are using subway,  stop at chungmuro station,  exit not sure. The layout of this place is just ok for me. You can see a few hanok for a few different rank. We go there twice,  the first time to", April 2017
97,5.0,An oasis in the middle of the city!,"The park was well situated right at the heart of the city.  It was walking distance from our apartment.  It gave us a taste of Korean culture.  We were able to take lots of picture-perfect shots!  What's more, no entrance fees and you can stroll around the park at your own sweet", May 2017
98,5.0,Beautiful,Full of atmosphere. Lots going on. Partipation in Korean games. The stream passing thru was very photogenic. Young ladies in costume made it for me., April 2017
99,4.0,Fun to walk around in,It's nice to see the older part of town but important to remember that people live here. We were informed that the locals are afraid to leave their doors open as tourists simply step inside not realizing these are private homes. , April 2017
100,5.0,Great guide,We had a wonderful guide who was in the eighth grade!  Harry was his name!  He volunteers once a month to help tourists navigate their way through the village.  He was up on his history which made the village more enjoyable to visit!!  He was very knowledgable and most, May 2017
101,5.0,Namsangol,This is a great place. Peaceful and full of history. Located by Chungmuro Station. Nice view of the Seoul tower, April 2017
102,4.0,Nice to see preserved culture,"Nice place to go for an hour or two. Preserved historic village in the the middle of Seoul. It is free and close to public transportation. If you are not a local, then this would be a nice place for you to learn about Korean culture and some history.  ", April 2017
103,4.0,Well worth a visit,This Hanok Village is well worth a visit and has more to see than we had expected.  There is no entrance fee and you can spent a pleasant hour or two in the park and viewing the traditional houses.  There was live music when we visited on a Sunday afternoon and many families, April 2017
104,5.0,Well-Kept,Well-kept memoir of Korean history. Very accessible -- through Chungmoro subway. Different versions of Hanok houses --- with cultural shows. The park is nice and clean.There is a tea house --- where you could try the traditional tea ceremony. Souveneir shop have nice and, April 2017
105,4.0,Korean Folk Village,When we visited this place you will be reminded of the Koreanovelas. The place is clean and so relaxing to stay at., April 2017
106,4.0,"Cool,serene,magical place","I missed this place in my last 2 visits to Korea..there are so much more to see , new places, new attractions, changes to keep tourists come back for new discoveries ", March 2017
107,5.0,Cherry Blossom,"Traditional House Of Korea, good place to go and take a picture and Cherry Blossom. Big Enough and very beautiful place.", April 2017
108,5.0,Loved the architecture,"This is a place with many traditional Korean homes, moved from areas from around Seoul, almost like a North American pioneer village.  Architecture is beautiful, place is clean and it is free to get in. The surrounding park, Namsan park, is lovely in its own right. Both places", April 2017
109,5.0,Visit history and a TV set,"This recreation of a traditional Korean village has free shows, plenty of refreshment stands, historic recreations and is also the home to many Korean TV shows.  If you have a Korean friend be sure to get some photos with the cut-outs of the current TV Soap Opera locations, they", March 2017
110,3.0,Interesting to see the traditional houses ,Not a must-see in my opinion but worth going to if you're already in the vicinity. Neat to walk around and see the traditional houses but when we were there there was hoards of tourists so it was hard to enjoy it or even get a good photo. , March 2017
111,5.0,Free admission to see Traditional Korean houses,Must see when you visit Seoul. You get to see the traditional houses of Koreans. In here you will also find replicas of some houses of famous people in Korean history. You will also get to see the Time Capsule of Seoul within the area., March 2017
112,5.0,A must see for history,Beautiful partly reconstructed ancient village showing the way of living centuries ago. Very interesting vor historically interested people, March 2017
113,3.0,Traditional Korean Houses,"The Admission: FREE admission  The Village: The ancient village from the Joseon period, traditional Korean houses. Good photo opportunity.   You can participate in traditional culture experience programs, reservations are required with fees.   The Location: Subway Line 3 or 4,", October 2016
114,5.0,Korean culture and architecture,"Traditional architecture and living habits of old Koreans are the things you will find here. Admission is free. Located near to the Chungmuro exit. It is very scenic. Overall, worth a visit.", November 2016
115,5.0,Preserved History,The traditional houses are very interesting. When you visit the place  be courteous to people living in the community. , February 2017
116,3.0,Cute hanok village by Namsan Park,"We went to N Seoul Tower and Namsan Park so Namsangol Hanok Village was on our way. We liked the cute little village. If you are short of time, you can see (maybe fewer but equally impressive) hanoks by Gyeongbokgung Palace. ", February 2017
117,5.0,Traditional village replica,"I visited this place after seeing Bukchon and it was nice to see the houses open with furnitures to give a better idea how the people lived in the past. While I was there there was a group studying calligraphy, but I could not see them because the windows were closed. Some of", February 2017
118,4.0,Furniture,"This is a good place to come and see the houses with furniture in. So many of the museums show the houses as empty, but here they have collected together typical furniture so give a more complete look at how the people lived. Live 3 or 4, stn: Chungmuro exit 3. Free entrance.", February 2017
119,5.0,Insight into Korean living,This village is a created area. The houses have been moved to the site. You can therefore see inside the houses. There are explanations and workshop areas., February 2017
120,4.0,compact reconstruction,"The exterors and interiors are meant to be authentic reconstructions,  and by and large they are more chock full of refurbished exhibits. It's a good place to see glimpses of what living conditions may be like in the past, but they look very new. Can be done in 30-40 minutes if", December 2016
121,4.0,Visit this place on Chinese Lunar Year,"This place wasnt closed on Chinese Lunar Year eventhough many places were closed.  In here you could see beautiful Korean traditional village.  This place had Lunar Year Festival and there were some events for tourist who came here, such as  - free rice cake - making of sweet", March 2016
122,4.0,Beautiful Village,"When the location is only 5 minutes walk from the place i stay in chungmoro, it's easy to reach. It's beautiful during the winter as the snow covers the roofs and giving great views for photos. But it was too cold during my short visit to this village as i only manage to wander", January 2017
123,4.0,Worth a visit. Free entry. Interesting housing. Beautiful scenery. ,"Very close to chungmuro station. Get out exit 3, don't go up the slope, walk straight past the petrol kiosk, follow the sign and you're there in 3 min.  Nice environment and atmosphere. They moved some actual hanok onto this site. So they are not really new replicas.  We went", January 2017
124,4.0,Old Style Village,It's just another old-style village in Korea. It's just 10 minutes walking from Myeong-dong. Best hour to go: after 6 p.m. (it will be night and empty!)., January 2017
125,5.0,Loved it!,"I loved the Hanok village, as well as the details about the history of the village.  I also went to Bukchon, but it was difficult to really see a lot given that they are being lived in.", September 2016
126,5.0,Traditional Korean Village right in the city,"I visited this village on a Sunday end of November, which I believe is the low tourist season for Seoul.  Admission to this village is free, and there are free guided tours offered by volunteers.  I requested for an English speaking tour, and was given a private tour by an", November 2016
127,5.0,close by myungdong,really great place to feel korean traditional culture it's close from my hotel  good accessibility., December 2016
128,5.0,Great Cultural Experience,This is a great place to learn on the living styles and habits of old Korea. It takes you back to the scenes you would have watched in the television. There is a centre outside the entrance where you could rent a Hanbok for photography too., December 2016
129,5.0,A Real Korean Village to Visit Right in the City,"A good place to spend your time and see how an old Korean village look like. Admission is free and right in the city. Highly recommended for tourists who want to take photographs of Korean houses, the urns used to make kimchi, and lifestyle. ", December 2016
130,4.0,Nice place for photography ,"It's a nice place to explore the culture and history. Probably take 1 hour to walk around and there's no admission fee. You can rent hanbok outside the village for 20,000₩ for 1 hour.  ", December 2016
131,4.0,Cultural Village,"Visit on a weekend when there is a planned wedding in progress. The houses are of an older period and give a free taste of the authentic Korean culture,", August 2016
132,4.0,a taste of the Korean culture,We went here during the spring season which is a nice timing to witness the cherry blossom trees. It's great to explore the Korean traditional houses - like you're back in the past. Also you can see the Namsan Tower from afar., April 2016
133,5.0,"The real, live korean stay for a common man","Though we visited it towards evening, we could find the architectural beauty of the houses  quite fascinating. The winding climbing narrow lanes take you into another world to feel the difference. There is beauty in every angle. We wish we could visit and explore the whole area.", November 2016
134,3.0,"Good for a visit, its a museum and living village though",This is a free open-air museum located a short walk from exit 3 of Chungmuro station. Dont walk to the Korea house!  There are five houses transplanted here. They are suppose to represent the homes of people of the different social classes during the Joseon period of Korea's, November 2016
135,3.0,It's alright,"Thought id so some historical sightseeing so i went to visit the hanok village. Easy to find in Seoul, this place is definitely interesting and get a sense of history of korea. However all you're doing is just walking through old villages and theres nothing informative. Probably", April 2016
136,3.0,"Small, nice for short stop","The place was a lot smaller than what I had imagined. Not a lot to see, but a great location to take pictures. Go here before you head to Namsan Tower. ", November 2016
137,5.0,Enjoy the cultural village for free,"This is a lovely village and garden, smacked in the middle of metropolitan Seoul. The best part of this place is that there is no entrance fee. There are also free guided tours in English, Japanese and Chinese. I was the only person in that tour and I had a private tour cultural", October 2016
138,5.0,Nice display of traditional homes and interiors,"These yangban (educated upper-class people's) homes did notoriginally exist together but were aggregated in the area to preserve their historical architecture. There are added-on experiences you can purchase, I went for the traditional calligraphy. After a brief lesson, you use", October 2016
139,5.0,A beautiful gem,"It was at the end of my Seoul stay, that I still hadn't visited any hanoks, so I suggested my Korean penfriend to go and check it out, after picking up a brochure in the Tourist Information Office. (She hadn't heard about the place before, either!)  It was my best idea and the", October 2016
140,5.0,A place to visit for Korea culture,A man-made korea cultural village. Full with different kind of buildings and tools which imitate ancient Korea village. Hanbok can be rented here for  experience and photography. , September 2016
141,5.0,Preservation of national culture,"In the middle of Seoul, The Korean government brought together 5 traditional houses to help people remember their past. Well worth a visit. Entrance is free. There are students who have assignments to act as guides. Free of charge.", October 2016
142,4.0,A nice place for traditional buildings,This place may sound like its similar to the Bukchok Hanok village but its not even close. This plase is more similar to a temple complex than a village. It got several old housings and gives a nice insight in old korean living., September 2016
143,5.0,Beautiful place,"This peaceful village is a wonderful spot to encounter traditional Korean culture. It features five types of  houses from the Joseon era, that have been relocated here from different parts of Seoul.   The entrance to the Namsangol Hanok Village is free, but the activities come", September 2016
144,5.0,Garden of beauty in South Korea,1) The place has no entrance fee. It is definitely free. 2) Has a number of Korean traditional houses and the breathtaking view o f its garden. 3) Visitor can see the Time Capsule which will be opened on 29nov2394, November 2015
145,5.0,Hanbok experience ,"We went there in group like 15 people, we rent hanbok just ouside the Hanok Village. It costs us $20 for one person. And we walk inside the village with hanbok.   Interior feels like you are back to old centuries.   Its free admission.", September 2016
146,5.0,Great with a guide,We took an hour long free tour in English and were the only two people on the tour. Our guide was very knowledgeable and explained many interesting things about the buildings but also about Korea itself. I'd recommend getting a tour as the signage on the site is good but, September 2016
147,4.0,Nice Garden and Village!,"After our lunch as part of our full day city tour, we dropped by here for a visit. Well, some may feel that this place is a ""me too"" replica from other Hanok Villages but we feel it has its unique offering and still worthwhile for a visit to experience different time.  Other", September 2016
148,4.0,Easy to reach,"We wanted to watch the Martial arts show. Pretty easy to reach from the subway stop, about 2 short blocks. Nice there is no admission price. Took lots of photos. Oppressively hot and humid, not much shade nor air conditioned places to pop in to cool off. The lake was pretty. The", September 2016
149,5.0,smiliar to bukchon village,"The entrance is free and it looks like the Old village next to the royal palace. It's not a must if you have already seen the Bukchon Palace, but here there are no people living inside the houses and there is a park around the village. Once thing i really like here, you can look", July 2016
150,5.0,Wonderful,This was not here when we last visited in 1996.  We loved walking through the village and the garden paths and coming across the lovely little water falls.  Thoroughly enjoyed!, August 2016
151,5.0,nice,"we take metro for this village, but it woerth it. you can see hanok stile houses, traditional tes ceramony, some traditional korean arts.", September 2015
152,5.0,Very Nice Village,This village is like stepping back into time. If you take a seat on a step and just look around you can picture the everyday life there., May 2016
153,3.0,A bit fake,"It is nice to visit if you do not know anything about Korea, but it is not a real old village. They just rebuilt houses in the style of different Korean eras. Too crowded during national holidays, but they normally organize activities for kids (so it is a good place to go for", April 2016
154,5.0,Great stroll through historical architecture,"I was pleasantly surprised at how few people were at this village, it's a great walk through.  We did not venture into the garden, as it was far too hot/humid, but really enjoyed the opportunity to see historic Korean buildings.  Great place to visit and gain some education", August 2016
155,4.0,Nice place,Namsangol Hanok Village was nice place .Good for visiting and relaxing .A lot local people visiting ..., May 2016
156,5.0,Peaceful place and not so crowded!,"I was surprised on the day we went to visit Namsangol Hanok Village.  It was not so crowded and everything was so well maintenance.  There was a taekwondo show in a middle of the day, it was awesome!   ", July 2016
157,5.0,"Sunny days are best, but don't be put off by the rain!","Namsangol Hanok Village is a reconstruction of a number of traditional Korean houses, put together like a genuine village. Admission is free, and visitors can wander round the outer precincts, from which colourful interiors can be viewed. There is a charge, however, if one wants", July 2016
158,5.0,Loving the old style of living,Enjoyed the culture of this place immensely!  We were able to witness a tea ceremony here.  I was in Korea many years ago and seeing this was just the way I remember it.  Homes in a square with a well in the middle.  The traditional style of eating with a low table and cushions, July 2016
159,4.0,Architecture peek,"If you want a sense of how people lived and are happy to wander yourself, quietly in your own time, this is a good option. They have 5 houses to view of varying social levels for you to see how the people lived. You can also book a tea ceremony lesson and try on traditional", July 2016
160,5.0,It's Free!,"The village is free.  The area is clean and concentrate.  The traditional houses are kept nice.  Most importantly, it's free with a lot of optional fee-charged activities at your choice.", July 2016
161,4.0,Nice traditional village,"Interesting traditional village, where you can discover several aspects of Korean culture: architecture, traditions, food,... All this in a very peaceful atmosphere, surrounded by ponds and gardens. If you're lucky, there are traditional dance shows organized for visitors.", October 2015
162,5.0,A village of traditional houses,"This peaceful village is a wonderful spot to encounter traditional Korean culture. It features 5 different yangban (upper class) houses from Joseon era, all relocated here from different part of Seoul.", July 2016
163,3.0,Re-built Hanok,"Namsangol Hanok Village was traditional Korean houses that were rebuilt at the foot of Namsan mountain mainly for tourism.  Inside the village, different types of houses with different interior designs indicated the life style of different classes in the old times.  Lot of", June 2016
164,4.0,A very nice walk in good weather,"Easy to find and very interesting and attractive,  Good to fill in an hour or two.  Well worth a visit to adsorb some Korean culture.", June 2016
165,4.0,Nice village to see how koreans lived and their buildings,Nice village to have a look around on how the old traditions were and how they built their villages. Well maintained and with information in english as well., June 2016
166,5.0,Beautiful place,"It is a shame that it is in a difficult place to find. Looks like someone is hiding it, but when you go in, you find a beautiful treasure. ", June 2016
167,4.0,Namsangol hanook village ,My family and I visited the village on 2nd July 2016 and was fortunate to witness a real wedding being conducted there. There are shows being conducted to acquaint the visitors on the various aspects of Korean culture. However beside the village was a huge park with waterfalls, July 2016
168,2.0,No village as highlighted,We went to this place with special interest as we wanted to see typical korean village. it was located in a hill but hardly any village types houses seen. All areas are commercialised with shops and restaurants. One house is converted into rural museum and after paying huge, June 2016
169,4.0,"Beautiful place, hours of sight-seeing","It is a beautiful village that gives you a feel of what life was like back in the days. The structures are beautiful, the gardens are beautiful, there are quite a few fun and cheap activities to participate in. We tried the tea ceremony, which is a one on two experience where a", April 2016
170,4.0,Reconstructed Traditional Village,We took the English tour given by a delightful woman.  She explained each of the buildings and explained the traditional beliefs and culture of that time. Just outside the village you can take the number 2 bus up to the top of nearby Mt. Namson to visit the Namson Seoul Tower to, June 2016
171,3.0,Nice stroll around the place and it's not crowded with people,"Visit this village in the morning and it wasn't crowded at all. Nice to see how the older generation lived but after awhile, they all seem similar. Suitable for a short visit. The whole place isn't that big so it won't take long to walk around.", June 2016
172,4.0,a look into the past,stroll and catch a glimpse into the old traditional village. nearby good find - kimbap store right at the entrance., July 2015
173,4.0,Traditional Korean village,"If you want to see a traditional Korean village, this is the place to be. We were lucky then that entrance fee is free. I think that was a Wednesday. The village is well maintained, clean and complete with traditional stuff.. They even have houses with the traditional bed,", July 2015
174,5.0,Tranquility in the city......,The historical buildings are set in a spacious and beautifully landscaped park. It can be accessed easily from Chungmuru subway station and entrance is free! I was there in the morning and it was not crowded at all. A really good way to start off the day before facing the crowds, June 2016
175,4.0,Conveniently located Historical Village,This hanok village is right near Myeong-dong at the base of Namsan mountain. You can wander around the small village to see how people lived in the past or even have your photo taken in Korean traditional dress. Then you can walk around the adjacent park. It makes a very, May 2016
176,4.0,Historical architecture in the heart of a modern district,"The old buildings in this park are well preserved and there are English signs that explain the information about the buildings. The park is also beautiful and relaxing (but avoid weekends, it gets crowded). It is free and a nice stop on the way to Namsam Mountain or the nearby", February 2016
177,5.0,Very interesting and peaceful place,This historical site consists of a group of hanoks that were moved to the park. The park is a peaceful respite at the north edge of Namsam Park. The hanoks are well-refurbished and furnished to give a real feel for the era. We greatly enjoyed are stroll through the place. It can, May 2016
178,5.0,Amazing,"The village looks very well maintained and it gives an insight of the way people live in the olden days in Korea. The complex is actually very big and it comprises not only the village, but also a large park. Definitely worth a visit.", September 2015
179,5.0,Korean Traditional Village,"Historical village in mid-city, great piece of architecture. It is open to the public. It is very nice walking in to this village and taking pictures.", May 2016
180,4.0,Traditional,good walking streets.  Preserved the tradition.close to the palace.  It is very nice walking in to this place and taking pictures in the traditional attire, May 2016
181,4.0,A Village of Traditional Houses in the Namsan Valley,"Namsangol Hanok Village is a Village of Traditional Houses in the Namsan Valley, it is a Korean village located in the area of Pil-dong neighborhood in Jung-gu, a central district of Seoul, South Korea where hanok or Korean traditional houses have been restored to preserve the", April 2016
182,4.0,Enjoyed this traditional Hanok village,Visited here as part of a tour. It was very interesting but I've heard that the Bukchon village is better and has traditional crafts and tea shops. Overall interesting. , May 2016
183,3.0,Little to learn,A small part of retained village for tourists to see how koreans lived in village. Big spread. would have been useful if free guide is provided., May 2016
184,4.0,nice village,"very nice place, we walked there wearing hanbok clothes..very nice to take a picture and see how they lived years ago", May 2016
185,5.0,Experience the historical culture and tradisional!,"Historical sites of traditional village of old era. Seeing and experience the life with historical building and artifacts, beautiful scenic views and ponds. Social activities conducted here as well by school and other organizations. One way of introducing Korea to foreigners.", September 2015
186,3.0,Average: don't get your expectations up,"I only had an afternoon to spend freely, so I was debating between this place and the other Korean village place in Samcheongdong/Bukchon (more famous/popular), this place was closer to where I was staying so I decided to go.  It is is free of entry, and there are activities", May 2016
187,5.0,How regular people used to live,"After seeing 3 palaces it was nice to finally see how the regular people used to live. The village is free, close to metro and the N Tower cable car. It's best to see in the evening to catch it both in the day light and after susnest when all the lanterns are lit", May 2016
188,5.0,interesting and educational,"If you want to get a sense of Korean home life before modernization, this is a great place to stop.  Near the subway and Namsan mountain.", April 2016
189,5.0,Historical village in mid-city,Five houses remain in this village set in a large area within the busy city of Seoul. It is a major tourist attraction and gives a good idea of traditional architectural styles., March 2016
190,5.0,Great piece of architecture,"Must see place, right in center of the city of Seoul. Great scenery and authentic  houses on the hills. Nice attraction to visit when in Seoul", April 2016
191,4.0,Away from the busy city..,"Treat it as a walk in the park but the bonus would be the opportunity to look inside authentic old houses and ponds at the same time. As this is a tourist attraction, buses with tourists would appear.", May 2016
192,4.0,Lovely slice of history in the City,"Hanok means a traditional house. This historical village museum is a vast area housing 5 different types of Hanoks, ranging from a house of a carpenter to a King/ Statesman. A must visit for the beautiful houses, and a stroll through the history and culture.", April 2016
193,4.0,Great stop in Seoul,Peaceful glimpse into the history of South Korea.  Had a great time seeing the arts and artifacts.  Cool to see the architecture in the middle of Seoul.  Bathrooms are not the best though, April 2016
194,3.0,A glimpse of old Korea. ,Looking for a place to see how Koreans lived before? Check this place out. Some houses were that of nobles and influential people in their society. Traditional Korean houses and way of life are also displayed.  There's a coffee and souvenir shop near the entrance in case you, February 2016
