,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Art museum tour,Good for art people.  Too difficult to understand for us.  There are free lockers on first floor to keep a large bag and coat., December 2019
1,3.0,Nicely designed building ,The building and the surrounding are interesting enough to give the museum a try even if the collection/ installations are of unequal interest., November 2019
2,3.0,I’m too old for this,"We visited on a Wednesday.  Not too many people, so we were able to move around freely.  As a Senior, I didn’t have to pay for admission.  However, as a senior I found it difficult to relate to the exhibits in a positive way.  I understand that at least some of the exhibits", October 2019
3,5.0,"Really cool, absorbing, incredible visit","Take subway to Anguk, setting is restful. Museum spreads to outside. Exhibitions, installations are huge, well displayed! I had lovely inexpensive meal at canteen. Then bought lots of gifts in Gallery.  Outdoor have been there longer. Believe there is bus to visit another branch", June 2019
4,4.0,Learnt about contemporary Korean artists,A retrospective about an artist I did not know was very impressive - including the 'painting table' set up. Then I happened to see the artist at a talk about his work. The museum has several larger exhibits running in separate exhibition spaces + a cluster of galleries is nearby, July 2019
5,4.0,Excellent venue for Modern Art - Worthwhile stop while in Seoul,I was pleasantly surprised at the depth of art at this museum.  Nice space - interesting art - and beautiful space.  It seemed like a nice place to go when the weather got dangerously hot in August.  The air conditioning was fabulous - but the art was even better.  Nice children, August 2019
6,4.0,Useful for general development!,"I was brought up on classical examples of art and painting, so not everything in the exposition was clear to me. But, I think, more progressive young people will be interested in this museum, as an example of the avant-garde trend.", July 2019
7,5.0,Wonderful space,I came here since I was curious to see what is on show. The museum is big and after a while you figure out how to navigate it.  Most galleries were open and the exhibitions held there very interesting. Especially the one about Park Seobo!  Ticket for anyone above 24 and not yet, June 2019
8,3.0,"Good venue, but only 3 Galleries open :( - hence, Average.","1 Adult went alone.  It cost Won 4,000 entry, but only 3 of 7 Galleries were open :(  The Duchamp exhibition had just closed :(  However, of those open, I enjoyed them - particulary Zach Blas idea of 'facial masks' to confuse CCTV cameras (good one!!) and Simon Denny to finally", April 2019
9,5.0,A quick art run after visiting the Gyeongbokgung Palace,This place offers a relaxing pace of seeing contemporary art works from different artists.  It is also not that crowded unlike other museums in Seoul., March 2019
10,5.0,Free,Great space with 6 exhibition halls to go through. Liked all the exhibits (5) open when I was there. Friendly help by all the staff. , October 2018
11,4.0,lovely museum,"Realy nice museum which will give you a lot information about Korean art and history up to app. 1910. They have a great app, which you should download before you start your tour", September 2018
12,4.0,Very Interesting displays,this museum is great i went when it was raining and directly at the entrance they had bags for wet umbrellas and free lockers which was great! the exhibits were all very interesting and i got an English listening guide as i was walking around. defiitely worth braving the rain, December 2017
13,4.0,For the modern art lover.,Are you 65 year of onder the most musea are free. Orherwhise the entreefee is not zo high. The most musea are also culturele centra for learning. This musea is great to see and to visit. Inside is modern art, May 2018
14,4.0,Interesting,"It was an interesting museum. Though, most of the displays were slightly too dark and/or disturbing. It's a really big museum, with modern spaces. The exhibits and exhibition style was interesting too. Their souvenir shop is pretty cool though. ", February 2018
15,3.0,Boring ,"It's a big museum but most of the sections are closed or are not opened. There were only 3 areas opened the last time I visited and the entrance fee was $4000 Korean won.  There's nothing really much to see, there's also this video showing how 3 women survived during the Korean", February 2018
16,4.0,Interesting though only one gallery open,"Only an audiovisual presentation was available when I visited at basement level.  I can not speak Korean but I watched it twice. It was a three concurrent large screen presentation.   Famous as a preeminent academic, Professor Joan Kee, Professor of Art at the University of", March 2018
17,4.0,Temp exhibitions in a Conveniently located museum with nice exhibition spaces,The museum is located near the G palace. It provides 9 exhibition spaces for contemporary art mostly a Korean one. Ch city what is being exhibit but in any case once you are in the area worth a visit., January 2018
18,4.0,"Good Museum, but not that inspiring","Interesting museum, and many of the exhibits were short on inspiration and quite ""average"". However, some were quite interesting conceptually. I would say nothing was absolutely riveting here...", October 2017
19,5.0,excellent museum - would highly recommend visiting,"It was a pleasure to visit this museum. We were an extended family group of 10 and it seems there was something for everyone. we didn't even have time to explore the food options, but thoroughly enjoyed the art and various exhibits.   The museum has different areas, floors,", December 2017
20,5.0,If You Speak Art.....,... You don't need an audio guide. There is free admission on the last Wednesday of the month and one exhibit we saw focused on up and coming Korean artists. The exhibit showed the state of mind of Korea right now. It was more insightful than reading a book or talking to, October 2017
21,4.0,Seoul Modern Art Museum,This museum has interesting collections. Location is easily accessible. In each hall it is possible to find English speaking gentle staff. Also it is possible to find printed information on exhibitions., October 2017
22,4.0,Drop by!,"Spent an hour in this museum after touring Gyeongbokgung -- the exhibits are beautiful! Entrance to the museum was free for those under 24 (even for tourists as long as you have your passport), which I think is a great way to encourage the youth to drop by.  I think an hour is a", August 2017
23,5.0,One of many good museums.,I have been to many museums in Seoul now and this is a good one.  Not very big but still good.  And in a very good location next to the most popular place in town and less then 10 minutes walk from the King Sejong and Admiral Yi statues and museums., July 2017
24,5.0,Top-level curation,"This MMCA location showcases Korean art, and they also get high-quality international exhibits.  A slightly awkward building, but that is to quibble.  Absolutely worth a visit if contemporary art speaks to you.", June 2017
25,5.0,Fantastic museum of contemporary art,"Count in spending several hours here to see the huge display if contemporary art, mainly Asian. It is a world class museum. The only drag for non Koreans is that the audio guide has a bit of info on just a few works, and there is minimal English signage otherwise. Still, if you", July 2017
26,4.0,Excellent Contemporary Art Museum,"f you like contemporary art this is a ""must see visit"" in Seoul.  Starting with the architecture of the building and the exhibitions rooms everything is great, particularly if you want to have a large vision of contemporary Korean art. The place is really big and consents the", April 2017
27,5.0,Great venue and great exhibitions,Visited on a short trip to Seoul and would come back there.  It's a great venue with very cool exhibitions happening., April 2017
28,4.0,Great place to wonder around and get inspiration,quiet and impressive museum with lots oxf Asian artists. Great to walk around for 2 hrs and get some modern inspiration. , March 2017
29,5.0,You should not overlook this small little jam!,"This museum is situated in the northern part of Seoul.  The museum is very close to the Kyungbok palace which was the main palace during the last dynasty of Korea.  The museum's construction concept is ""Multiple Islands surrounded by sea (actually developed into small open yards", January 2017
30,3.0,Just don't get modern art,"Only went in as it was free over the CNY holiday. I just don't understand why an empty room is art. Or a room full of clay balls. There are a few pieces that are interesting to look at but for the most of it, if your 5 year old produced it you would be happy, but you would not", January 2017
31,4.0,near to Gwanghwamun palace,"came to visit during november 2016  cost 4000won each person (~SGD $4.80) to view all the exhibitions in MMCA  As MMCA is near to Gwanghwamun palace, you can pop by if you are keen on arts and you can walk over to Anguk later for your lunch  There are digital lockers (free)", November 2016
32,5.0,Good exhibitions,"Good Korean exhibitions, some of them are interactive. A different insight into Korean culture. Close to other tourist attractions. ", November 2016
33,5.0,new launch,expanded to new building no huge but well curated  and interesting   Free during thanksgiving weekend . shop good too, September 2016
34,5.0,Fantastic Exhibitions of International artist,Great museum with very large exhibitions of Modern and Contemporary International artists. Great place to see if you like art, October 2015
35,4.0,As the name suggests,"It's a huge space for exhibiting modern and contemporary art mainly. The MMCA Seoul branch offers a spacious courtyard, some gift shops, a theater and a cafeteria among some other shops. The location makes it even more attractive, it's right next to Gyeongbokgung Palace and", August 2016
36,4.0,Some interesting artworks.,"It is questionable whether all the pieces on show are worthy of the name 'Art'. Whilst it begins well by showing how a craft can become an artwork, it seems to develop into a need to fill space with projected images and other video films which are not worthy of the space", September 2016
37,3.0,"Good souvenir shopping any time, choose your moments for the exhibits","The repurposed ship's hull at the entrance is intriguing and inviting, and the gift shops full of well-designed traditional and modern goods are good hunting ground for souvenirs. But check the current exhibitions carefully before paying to see inside. There is no standing", August 2016
38,3.0,Big Empty Space,"This big impressive looking complex is located opposite Gyongbokgung Palace, around the corner from the main entrance.  It seems to be a big white empty space without much in it. We wandered around looking for exhibits but it seemed that most of the galleries were closed so", August 2016
39,4.0,A Big Art Gallery,"More than a museum this place looks like a big art gallery. If you like contemporary art, you will find beautiful and stunning works. 1.5 hours to see it all. Cafe for food on site. Open from 10-6pm (tickets will stop selling 1 hour before closing time - Wednesday closing time", July 2016
40,5.0,"Fascinating, captivating, well worth a visit",You never know what to expect with a contemporary art museum. It seems like each one I visit around the world exhibits something completely different from each other one. It's the uniqueness of a museum that makes it stand out from the predictable. There's only two floors to, July 2016
41,5.0,Impressive,This museum opened in 2013 and is a major asset to Seoul and fits well in to the cultural atmosphere of the Bukchon area.   The building complex is large and very easy to find with the entrance opposite the palace.   Most of the gallery space is under ground but is large well, July 2016
42,4.0,modern and contemporary art of korea,"This museum was open last year. It is near insadong and samchungdong. If you are interested in modernart, go MMCA. Near MMCA you can see many galleries, so after you see mmca, go sime galleries. Usually it is open until 6. The last entry time is 5 maybe.more information go", May 2016
43,4.0,OK experience,"The museum has quite a number of spaces for exhibition, but during my visit almost half of the spaces are closed, so there was not a lot to see. They were having photography exhibition by that time and I'm more interested in painting and sculptures so I was a bit disappointed.", May 2016
44,5.0,Very Fruitful Visit,"Must visit if you are an art or cultural lover. MMCA is a modern architecture with innovative interior design, which was awarded as ""Architects of the Year"" in Korea, 2014. Also, it is an art, culture & education multi-function complex, consisting of 8 galleries, lecture halls,", May 2016
45,3.0,So-so,"The museum building is spacious and fancy, located just outside Gyeongbokgung palace and the folk museum. However, at the time of my visit, only one or two (!) of the eight exhibition galleries were open, so not that much to look at really. Make sure to check in advance before", April 2016
46,5.0,Loved this place!,"Really awesome, affordable museum to wander about. Many different exhibits and installations happening ~ I really enjoyed the William Kentridge exhibit. The museum itself is very modern and open. We went on a holiday when the museum admission was free for everyone. Even though", February 2016
47,5.0,Amazing Place!,Didn't even notice when ladies said it's time to close the museum! Spent there whole day without noticing when is it time to eat.  Enjoyed the benefit of free admission for students but had so much fun!, January 2016
48,5.0,Not so well known as it ought to be ...,... possibly because it is very new. The MMCA houses innovative and participative exhibits with some multi-media work too. The best of modern art from Korean and foreign artists., November 2015
49,4.0,Well worth the visit - great,Really enjoyed the internal as well as external art on show here. The varied collection of contemporary pieces were world class., May 2015
50,4.0,Contemporary Museum embodies complexity,"Recently opened in fall 2013, this museum restored Jongchinbu and established as a cultural center that embraces the past and present of the site.  The ""LEE BUL"" exhibition during the time was amazing.", January 2015
51,4.0,MMCA Seoul - An enjoyable modern and contemporary art museum,"The Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art (MMCA) includes three branches around Seoul, the main branch being located at the former Defence Security Command building on Samcheong-ro near Gyeongbokgung Palace. Opening Hours 10am to 6pm (T,TH,F,SN) and 10am to 9pm (W,ST), closed on", November 2015
52,5.0,Another must see near Samcheongdong,"A complex for modern art with a recreated palace within the grounds. It has a good library and at present , an outdoor intallation art to marvel at. ", September 2015
53,4.0,Good variety of arts shown,"A nice place to visit, especially the last Wed every month, as it is free only on that day. Got different type of artwork being shown. Though not really understand much about arts, the museum is spacious enough to walk around and enjoy what is offered.", September 2015
54,5.0,"Hands down, excellent. World class.","This museum is right near Gyeonbokgung, near the exit by the folk museum so decided to give it a look and was extremely glad that I did as it turned out to be one of the highlights of Seoul.  The curating is excellent and presents a number of Korean artists that showcase a", September 2015
55,5.0,World class museum,"I have been to a lot of contemporary art museums and this is up there with the best! You won't find the big international stars, but the exhibitions of Korean artists are fantastic. The curators have done a great job here, and again and again you blown away by the displays. Both", September 2015
56,4.0,Good place for cultural lovers !,"I love visiting museum when I travel to other countries. National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Seoul is easily accessible ! Just a walking distance from a royal palace called GyeongBukGoong . Nice exhibits and environment !", September 2015
57,5.0,Beautiful space and wonderful exhibition!,"Amazing space and architecture,World class  local and international exhibitions and curatorial. There were 5 exhibitions on at the same time. Best of all, entry is free on Wednesdays(??time) and Saturdays ( 6-9pm)I find it fascinating that Koreans are really into Art and", August 2015
58,4.0,Awesome museum,"We'd heard great things about this museum and given that it was a short walk from Gyeongbokgung Palace we decided to stop by. Students were free which was a nice surprise, and we loved the interactive exhibits and installations. A really cool museum - would recommend a visit", July 2015
59,5.0,What a museum should be like,"Not being a great fan of modern art, I was pleasantly surprised at this museum.  The exhibits were varied and interesting.  My visit coincided with an exhibit on an imaginary country, Xijing, which was quite superb, and worth the admission money alone.  Even if, like me,", July 2015
60,5.0,YESSSSSSSSS enjoyed very much,I did not intend to go here but after visiting the palace I walked past this and thought to go and have a look . I thoroughly enjoyed it as it gives a great insight into a more modern south Korea. I only had limited time and could easily have spent longer there. Try it. , June 2015
61,5.0,A fantastic art space in a wonderful location,"We stumbled upon the Museum almost by chance, when walking from Insadong to the National Folk Museum during our first day in Seoul. It was a fine summer day and we decided to go in and discover it, while we waited for lunch time.  If you are a lover of modern art and modern", June 2015
62,5.0,Great museum of contemporary art,"If you like contemporary art, the sleek looking museum is a great museum. It is an impressive space that is full of large scale exhibits. When we visited we were lucky to see the Do Ho Suh installation among other outstanding exhibits. The museum is located in a charming", July 2014
63,5.0,Pandas,"The main reason why we visited here is because of the 1600 Pandas event. Good thing it was also scheduled when we were in Seoul. Since this is a one time event, the pandas won't be there anymore. Good thing we were able to catch it before it transfers to another city. As for the", June 2015
64,4.0,"If you like contemporary art, particularly large scale installations","If you like contemporary art, in particular large scale installation art, then you MUST make it to MMCA.  Was here in late May 2015, and experienced Shinji Ohmaki's Liminal Air installation and Leandro Erlich's Port of Reflections.   I think they were preparing for new", May 2015
65,5.0,Special exhibition of Jung Takyoung,"This museum is situated at the end of Deoksugung grounds. In front of the museum building is a fountain in a pond. At the time we visited, there was a special exhibition of  the artist Jung Takyoung. There were sketches and drawings, paintings, handicraft works and abstract", May 2015
66,5.0,a must-visit place for art lovers!,"I was really pleased to see that a lot of contemporary works by Korean artist were featured. There were a handful of exhibits on display, and each one was very well curated. I think I spent over 3 hours there, and had a nice panini sandwich lunch in the little cafe.", May 2015
67,5.0,Second visit to the BEST museum,"I have visited this museum already twice, and each time I have been absolutely enchanted. The exhibitions and installations are simply remarkable. The works of art are of very high quality, and there are explanations in English. Audio tour is available. My favorite is the", March 2015
68,5.0,nice temporary exhibition.," This is a new building. So very clean and clear traffic line. I love LEE BUL exhibition. And other installation. But, ticketing woman was very unkind. ", February 2015
69,4.0,Very good setting,"I like how they display the painting, models, etc in the building. The securities are nice and polite. The ticket is free if you have student card, if not you have to pay :) My friend brought a student card from Thailand and they got in for free :D", August 2014
70,4.0,Great contemporary art,"If you're into art and want a fresh perspective on contemporary works, this is definitely worth checking out. There are some really unique paintings, sculptures, exhibitions, and rooms dedicated to different styles and works of art. Certainly worth checking out for any art", November 2014
71,2.0,Yet another empty box,After seeing the building work from the outside on my visit to Seoul last year I was looking forward to seeing the finished museum this year.  What a disappointment. After having bought expensive tickets we tried to figure out where the collection was in this labyrinthine, September 2014
72,5.0,Excellent displays of modern korean art,Plan to spend the afternoon.  Free admission for seniors.  A very large recently constructed museum with a wide range of modern art and architecture., September 2014
73,4.0,Exhibitions of contemporary Korean art,"Contemporary art museum. This branch mostly hosts exhibitons so you;ll need to check what's on.  I enjoyed the stuff there when I went.  The permanent collection is housed at another branch in Gwacheon which is also worth a vistit.  In fact, if you're only going to choose one", August 2014
74,4.0,Good to go to find what you like,"The newly opened museum, where has a lot of Korean Modern Art. I really enjoyed to see those arts because curation of specil exhibition was so interesting and gave me a clear messages.", August 2014
75,4.0,interesting visit,"a very different slant on 'modern art', certainly puts Western art into perspective, sculptures especially impressive.", October 2013
76,4.0,Great location and collection,"located in the great location surrounded by many museum and palace.The MMCA offer great collection of modern and contemporary art from painting to installation. The collection of Korean Zeitgeiss is ok, not so stunning but still we can experience Korean contemporary art here but", January 2014
77,3.0,Amazing exhibitions and beautiful building,"Small entry price and great exhibitions, I was very impressed! If you can try buying your entry tickets before to avoid long queues.  As in all Korean life, you will be waiting in long queues to see every exhibit but they are all well worth it! Very well located for lots of", January 2014
78,5.0,Korean Art is cool.,"Not too many visitors, but a great space to see Art from planet Korea. Have a break from wandering around the Hanuk village, head down towards the palace, and you will find it. Helpful staff, quite a lot of interpretation in English, a fair price - 7000 to see all the bits on", January 2014
79,4.0,Very good modern art museum at a price,"This museum is way more conveniently-located than the Korean National Modern Art Museum, but the entrance costs no less than 7,000 won. I think the collection is excellent although I personally would not normally pay the ticket price to see it. The in-house Italian restaurant", December 2013
80,4.0,A good escape from the metropolis into contemporary art.,Big spaces with big installations. Very interesting the engaged work of Amar Kanwar (dec 2013). Worth spending a couple of hours., December 2013
81,5.0,Interesting complex and great art,"It took some finding, and finding the correct door to enter as the complex is multiple buildings with multiple doors, but they aren't all entrances. Once inside, the ease of flow between galleries and the exhibitions to see were wonderful and even better since we happened to go", November 2013
82,5.0,A nice new addition to Seoul's offerings,"We really enjoyed most of the modern art, especially the House in the House, in the House, in the House,.... Children will also enjoy several of the artworks. Of course, like in any modern art museum, you sometimes have the feeling ""so what"" and/or ""I can do that"" (not sure if", November 2013
