,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,2.0,Only tolerable because it's free,"One out of the three floors was shut for renovation.  Lacklustre exhibition, little English, little interesting objects. I'd recommend doing it if you know next to nothing about Korean history but this museum isn't exactly worth the effort to come here. From Japanese occupation", November 2019
1,4.0,Intro to Korean history,"A good introduction to Koreas recent history, all info available in English, albeit briefly but nevertheless still there. Some of the exhibition floors not in use presently but for a free entry museum it is a good use of time for those after some cultural capital.", October 2019
2,2.0,I’m Sorry,"I’m sorry, first and foremost that the best efforts of designers and planners and curators were insufficient in my opinion.  I’m also sorry that I don’t agree with other reviewers who gave it high grades causing me to visit.  Let’s start with the most important thing:  the", October 2019
3,4.0,Part 2 of National Museum,"This is the Korean contemporary history museum and is a continuation of the history of Korea from the National Museum of Korea. There are plenty of exhibits and so much to read about the Korean war. A great museum, clean, admission and audio guide free of charge. Good way to", July 2019
4,5.0,Fantastic museum - free and open Mondays!,"Fantastic, well-located museum. Right next to palace and American embassy. No admission charge, excellent exhibits on Korean history from before the Japanese occupation through the Korean war to the present.  Really well done and informative, with panels in English and Korean.", July 2019
5,4.0,"Modern, clean, free and nice view.","The museum is modern, clean and very informative, although the information feels a little bit on the bright side. The view from the rooftop garden is perfect for seeing the castle and cathing the city's vibe.", November 2018
6,4.0,Eye openening experience,"There is so much to see and do in Seoul we almost missed it. On our way to the Gyeongbokgung Palace we noticed the museum. It was GREAT. Free admission and open on Monday. On entry, supplied 1 ID for 4 people to get audio guides. Takes at least 2hrs to see it all- unless your", November 2018
7,4.0,Fun museum to explore,This museum is very close to the main palace and free to visit. It teaches you about how fast S. Korea improved after the Korean War and you can see several Korean vehicles displayed along with household and electronic goods. Not as fun as the Seoul history museum but still, August 2018
8,5.0,Modern Korean History,This museum is a must do for both Korean and non-Korean people. The turmoil and stress the country has suffered in the last 100 years is sobering to see. Outside influencers and world politics have played a huge part in creating the current divided nation. It certainly gives all, September 2018
9,5.0,Informative.,"We arrived at this museum about an hour before it was closing so had to move through it rather quickly.  It was very organized and interesting.  I am sure we missed some things due to time constraints, but was glad we had stopped in.", August 2018
10,5.0,"A century of turmoil, protest and capitalist triumph","Located within close proximity to a number of other Seoul highlights including the Bukchon Hanok village and Gyeongbokgung Palace, the free-entry Korean Contemporary History museum is an outstanding lesson in the country's at-times tragic history, tracing events from the start", July 2018
11,5.0,Informative,Nice to learn about South Korea’s history. Free admission.  The rooftop is also for the win.  Next time i will try to come during sunset. But since its summer their sunset is around 8PM., June 2018
12,4.0,Very informative,I'm a sucker for history museums. This was my last history museum during my trip to Seoul. I'm glad I came here last as it was the culmination from the past to present. I have such pride in S. Korea for the fact that they overcame so much where they are now., June 2018
13,5.0,Very good museum of modern history,"We were pleasantly surprised by the museum. Not only is it free, but it's modern, well maintained, and it covers the political and social history of Korea from the beginning of the nation to the modern place it is. It took use a couple hours to see everything. They have lockers", April 2018
14,4.0,Good place to learn modern Korean history,"I enjoyed my first visit to this museum about five years ago. Then I knew a little about Korean history and in particular the events leaded to the division of the peninsula, the Korean War, and the emergence of modern Korea.  There's still a lot of information there for those", April 2018
15,3.0,A Korean View of History,"For those foreigners who have studied Korean history from outside of Korea, you will find this museum to be a fantasy view of Koreans as to how they wish contemporary history might have been. Except, obviously, for the painful parts where Korea was occupied by Japan.   The", February 2018
16,5.0,"Very interesting exhibition, recommended.","The museum occupies 3 floors. It is conveniently located almost across from Gwanghwamun Gate.The exhibition covers the recent history, mainly the 20th century. It is well and logically presented, with good lighting and proper signage with enough English. It is easy to navigate.", November 2017
17,5.0,Great!!,This museum shows the 20th century modern history of Korea. I really recommend it to eveyone. This museum is free. It's located near by the subway. You can see 3section(maybe 4?)of modern Korean history. It takes 1 hour to see everything there., March 2017
18,4.0,A very informative visit to know the Korean museum,The visit to the museum was very informative as the museum focuses on the exciting history of modern and contemporary history of Korea. It has a massive repository of valuable historic objects. Must visit if you're in Seoul., May 2017
19,5.0,Free museum,"This free museum is very close to the palace and if you go to the top floor, there's a great roof garden that overlooks the palace and the surrounding hills for great photos and views. The exhibits tell the story of post war Korea, right up to 2017.", October 2017
20,4.0,Korean History Museum Review,"Centrally located, easily accessible. Museum is well organized with expressions and directing signs in English. Worth visiting to have information on Korean history.", October 2017
21,4.0,Korean history 101,"I have immigrated from South Korea to the United States, therefore it was a great experience for me to review the 20th-century modern history of Korea. The admission to the museum is free and you can see a pretty good view of the surrounding area by going rooftop.  The museum", July 2017
22,4.0,Supplements several other collections - a bit depressing!,"Several other museums in Seoul tell the story of Korea from neolithic times to ""the present"" but treat the period from 1945 - 2010 briefly, if at all. This museum focuses on the 20th Century, dividing it in several periods. There is a lot on the time under Japanese rule, with a", June 2017
23,5.0,Important,Very important when you visit South Korea. Do the museum on the begining of your trip so you know basicly the history of the country in the last 150 years. , May 2017
24,4.0,A good place to start!,This is a good place for someone who is wants to gain some basic knowledge of 20th century Korean history. I started with an elevator ride up to the 8th floor to the rooftop garden. This provided a great view of the Gyeongbokgung Palace from above the walls adding views of the, May 2017
25,5.0,Just what I want in a museum,This is the kind of museum that Seoul had been lacking. Its focus is contemporary history with plenty of visuals. It is nicely divided into 4 sections. It is not heavy on dates and names and there are plenty of pictures and objects. It is reasonably objective but does lean, May 2017
26,4.0,Snapshot of Korean history since the Korean War,This is a good visual museum with exhibits mostly by decade.  It provides a nice overview of how far South Korea has come in the last 60+ years. Did I mention it's free admission. Worth an hour or two of your time., February 2017
27,4.0,Fairly objective,"Pretty much tells it like it is without going into too much depth.  Decent presentation s too, with a reasonable amount of text in English. Cafe attached.", April 2017
28,5.0,Recommended to assist understanding Korea.,"The period covered is from 1850 to present day. Admission free, headset with commentary also Free! This was a real eye opener for a non Korean especially for the period 1941 onwards. The South Korean people are to be admired for the adversity that hey have overcome. Try and do", March 2017
29,3.0,Free admission,"The Admission: FREE Admission  The Museum: A museum of modern and contemporary Korean history showcase the late 19th century to now and also Seoul Olympics.   The Location: Subway Line 5, Gwangwamum Station, Exit 2", October 2016
30,4.0,Nice history museum,"If you have to choose only one museum of history to go in Seoul, this is the one! It offers a good overview of the recent history since 1945, a period not covered by the National Museum of Korea and essential to better understand this country and its people. Of course the War", March 2017
31,4.0,Contemporary,"Nothing special about this Museum, i been already to the National Museum which i think is the best, and to the War Memorial which is pretty amazing too. Anyways, this Museum tells you basically how Korea is who he is right now. Since the liberation in 1945 and the end of the", February 2017
32,5.0,Walk through Korean history ,I thought I knew about Korea but this exhibition was great. Free entry the 4 galeries take you from the ancient emperors to modern day. Plenty of English and lots of of photos. I stayed for far longer than I had planned to and came out much wiser about some of the struggles the, January 2017
33,5.0,"A must for history buffs, or for understanding Korea","As I booked a trip to Japan for January 2017, I ended up with a nice layover at South Korea's Incheon Airport, long enough to let me head into Seoul for a few hours. Having previously called Seoul home, I wanted to pick a good sight as a refresher, and with the ongoing political", January 2017
34,4.0,Nice Musuem & Interesting History,"Good and interesting museum just by the Palace. Interesting displays and information, and it really gave you a good taste of Korean history. I would recommend this to people who want to go to a History Musuem as it was better than others.", January 2017
35,4.0,Lots of history,"I enjoyed it, but did not get to spend much time reading the details as I was with my young son. Hope to return and have a chance to get more of the history.  Its free, so no reason not to visit if your at the palace nearby. ", September 2016
36,4.0,A nice light journey through Korean modern history,I walked in simply to escape the heat and do something on my last day - no exceptions always work the best when going into such museums. The exhibition is laid out on three floors and navigation is made very simple.  With ease you are shown that Korean history has been rather, July 2016
37,5.0,Gyeongbukgong,"Located at seoul, the entrance is around p120-150. Make sure to wear your most comfortable shoes. The place is really big, you can see different kinds of birds around. You can wear hanbuk (korean traditional clothes) i think you can rent it there, I didn't tried coz it was", July 2016
38,4.0,"Informative, but a bit light","This is a good museum to get an overview of Korean history from about 1900 on.  There are english summaries of most exhibits, and lots of videos playing.  I would have liked much more detail, and perhaps it was there in the Korean text, but the English translation was rather", June 2016
39,4.0,"Propaganda aside, a well designed museum","We Downloaded the free app and walked round this free museum. The exhibits were well put together and if you excuse a bit of propaganda and bias, you can learn a bit about Koreas bumpy political history over the last 111 years. The displays were subtle and not cluttered, and the", June 2016
40,5.0,Worth the visit,"Admission to the museum is free.  A place to understand what has happened to Korea in the last 100 years.  We did the JSA & DMZ tour before going to this museum.  If you are doing the JSA & DMZ tour, you may consider visiting this museum to learn about this history beforehand. ", May 2016
41,5.0,"Good insight, well presented",We wanted to know how South Korea looks into its more recent history and found a lot of very informative material. The level of information is really good and digestable in one afternoon. The items are well presented in a diversified way with modern museum design and technology., March 2016
42,4.0,Lots of Interesting History,We went in here while waiting for out nighttime tour of the royal palace next door to it.  The museum had lots of interesting history info that I hadn't seen anywhere else., March 2016
43,5.0,I love this museum so much ,This museum continues to get better and better :-) i love the content and the set up and it's a perfect place to know more about Korean modern history. It's free and easy to find as it is right next to the American embassy at gwanghamun station. Please enjoy this great museum , February 2016
44,4.0,Interesting overview of Korea's modern history (since the 19th century),"On four levels, a good set of displays with sufficient translation into English. There were a lot of schoolchildren when I visited.", January 2016
45,4.0,"Interactive, interesting museum","We enjoyed this museum & the interactive aspects. Our children didn't enjoy it as much as we did, but it was still worth while to take them. It is free & close to the palace. Very easy to find.", November 2015
46,3.0,National type of museum,Museum provides the history of korea from the opening ports to the contemporary era which aims at promoting national pride and vision., January 2015
47,5.0,Amazing museum,"If you are into modern art, just go there and have fun. If you afre a student or under 24, its for free. It was interactive, amazing exhibitions. Some of them very creepy, some of them gave me very powefull feelings.", November 2015
48,5.0,One of the best,"This is a fantastic museum to get a better understanding of Korea's contemporary history. It covers things from a very simplistic point of view, however if you are not familiar with Korean history it will walk you through with enough detail to not be oversaturated with minutia.", September 2015
49,5.0,Studying Korean War from a totally new POV.,"I did not expect any Korean museum to be even better than the Gogung Museum, but apparently I was wrong. It was an interesting experience visiting here, as I got to view the Korean contemporary history from a Korean point of view. If you've seen how the Chinese government", July 2015
50,3.0,Learn morw about everyday life of Korea,Many representations of everyday life of Korea is present; not very interesting though you can easily complete the museum around 2 hours, June 2015
51,4.0,Interesting look at Korea's recent history,"This museum is conveniently located close to Gwanghwamun Gate and Gyeongbokgung Palace in the centre of Seoul. It covers the history of Korea since the late 1800s and tells the fascinating story of how Korea overcame colonialism, war and economic devastation. A large portion of", June 2015
52,4.0,"Heavy propaganda, but well-presented","This lesser-known museum in Seoul covers South Korea's history from the time of its independence in 1945 to relatively recently. Visitors proceed through several exhibit halls that display artefacts and news articles, with history told through several short explanations at each", July 2015
53,4.0,Excellent museum that offers a glimpse at the real history of the country (rather than pageantry),"Foreigners are often treated to elaborate displays of traditional korean culture (from hanbok to old palaces to kimchi-making...). All interesting in their own rights, but not reflecting where Koreans truly come from and what growing up in Korea felt like. First of all, the", May 2015
54,4.0,Looks like the Boss'ocopter flew in (critical thinking skills req.),"Spent about 1.5 hours here; awesome time, free admission, GREAT artifacts, great blurbs for English Speakers on the side of exhibits (but get the headset if you're really into what each little artifact is about). Highly recommend. Gives a great glimpse of the Korea you're", February 2015
55,5.0,Educational but Biased,"The museum is located within walking distance from City Hall. We kind of stumbled into it. I was expecting much since it's free but it was a lot better than I thought. The museum covers Korea from its ""discovery"" by the West, to Japanese colonialism, to WWII, the Korean War, the", January 2015
56,5.0,Korea's recent history well told,"Perhaps the thing that struck me most was that this museum presented a warts and all view of modern Korean history. There was no sweeping under the carpet of events that put the country or its leaders in a poor light. The museum is huge, as other visitors have pointed out. Entry", November 2014
57,5.0,Excellent and well presented overview of Korean History,"If you are visiting Seoul, you should add this museum to your list.  The innovative, creative exhibits illustrate the history of modern Korea.  It is centrally located, next to the American embassy.  Four floors of exhibits show how Korea has become the advanced powerhouse and", June 2014
58,5.0,great selection of natural and art history,the permanent exhibition is free entry but the special exhibition cost 12usd. i got to see Claude Monet's impressionism collection upclose and personal and it was amazing!!!, May 2014
59,5.0,This is huge!!!,"First, I was shocked of the museum's size. This is huge! The giant building was full of interesting exhibitions. And most of the exhibits were real. It is a good to learn Korean history in more depth! ", March 2014
60,3.0,Modern museum boosting Korean modernity,"See the march of progress; see how far Korea has come in 20 years, 60 years, 100 years, battling the negative colonialist Japanese, then the negative communists, then the negative militarists, on the way to the current stunningly bright corporate present.  It truly is amazing", August 2013
61,1.0,Don't waste your time,"This museum has completely missed the mark.  The exhibits are primarily documents written in Korean with very little English explanations.  I go into more detail on my blog ""Bobby's Awesome Life"" where I write all about different things to do in Korea.  This is a definite skip~~", June 2013
62,4.0,"Interesting place, worth a visit","First of all, this museum is free which I appreciated.  Basically the focus here is late 19th century Korean history to the present--end of the Joson dynasty, Japanese occupation, Korean war and developing a democracy.I learned quite a bit, though at times it felt more like", March 2013
