,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Korea History,"It is located within Gyeongbokgung Palace. Entrance is free. Inside the museum, you can collect beautiful stamps. A brief history about the past Korea. A lot of exhibition changing from time to time. Make sure to come here when you are in Seoul.", October 2019
1,5.0,Great addition to a visit to Gyeongbokgung,This museum is in the grounds of Gyeonbokgung palace and is a great place to get a bit more understanding about the Joseon dynasties - especially if you didn't have guided tour of the palace. Just the right size to be interesting but not bombard you with too much information., September 2019
2,5.0,Informational,Entrance is free and there is audio guide that you can rent at the information desk. It is located within Gyeongbukgung but just outside the ticketing booth. Plenty of displays and descriptions depicting the lives of the royal families who lived in the palaces. Took us an hour, July 2019
3,4.0,Great museum,"I arrived at the Gyeongbokgung Palace at 0930hr, too early to witness the changing of royal guards ceremony at 1000hr, Hence I decided to visit this nearby museum first. There are free digital locker to store my backpack.   This museum displays royal relics from the Joseon", June 2019
4,5.0,Wonderful Historical Museum - on grounds of Gyeonghbokung Palace,"This museum covering several dynasties of Korea is well worth a visit, and well take you 2-3 hours.  Beautiful displays of wonderful historical objects.  There is a small restaurant on site to take time to relax.", October 2018
5,5.0,Great museum!,Entrance to the museum is free and audio guides of various languages can be obtained at the information desks at 1k KRW. The audio guide is user friendly which detects exhibits automatically so you dont have to key in anything.   The museum is well kept and organised and gives, June 2019
6,5.0,All About the Royals,"This was a free museum located off the main parade grounds of Gyeongbokgung Palace.  We toured the Palace and grounds first, watched the changing of the guards ceremony before heading indoors to tour this museum.    Inside there were three floors of history that covered", June 2019
7,5.0,Wonderful exhibits regarding royal life,"The museum is medium sized compared to most museums I've visited, but that means it is extensive enough to peak your interest but manageable enough to complete in one morning/afternoon session. The exhibits range all the way back to the 1300s until 1910 when the Korean royalty", June 2019
8,5.0,Joseon Royalty ,I felt walking through here that a lot was expected from crown prince from birth that from the age of 5 it was constant preparation to lead a country and to be a great king. Not that it was easier on crown princess. It makes you reflect on the weight of a kingdom., June 2019
9,4.0,Live experience ,The palace museum shows a large collection and explanations of different king dynasties and different royal belongings during the last centuries. , March 2019
10,4.0,Visit during Lunar New Year,"Museum currently has an exhibit of things from Lichtenstein. While cool, it takes up most of the museum which leaves not a lot of information on Korean palaces. Overall, museum does a good job explaining what you are seeing and setting you up for Gyeongbokgung which is next door.", February 2019
11,4.0,Korean history,A good place to learn about Korean history. The museum displays a lot of relics from Joseon dynasty to the Korean empire time. I particularly enjoyed watching the documentary of how Gyeongbokgung was constructed. The documentary was shown next to a giant building plan of the, January 2019
12,1.0,Their service tho,"I was just going to write a good review on this museum but then I met the people on the information desk so I decided to give it a poor one. It’s a small museum but I think it’s quite informative. I found it quite enjoyable, especially since they have a Liechtenstein exhibition", January 2019
13,5.0,Entrance is hard to find but worth the effort,"It turns out the entrance is on the main street just passed the palace rather than directly from the palace, however I recommend visiting.  The displays are interesting and mostly in English.", August 2018
14,4.0,Rich Korean History,"This place is spacious and has many exhibits, great for anyone interested in the history of the country. As it is located at a side entrance of Gyeongbokgung, ie Gyeongbokgung Metro Station Exit 5, it is really convenient to visit.", November 2018
15,5.0,Fabulous small museum on Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds,"I highly recommend a short visit to this wonderful museum on Korean history on the Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds.  Most people opt not to visit the museum which is a shame.  There is no admission fee.  The museum can be easily covered in an hour or two.  If anything, the museum", November 2018
16,4.0,A good museum to visit after seeing the palace.,"This museum is free and right next to the main palace. It is worth seeing because the palace is mostly empty. You can learn a lot about royal customs here including clothing, birth, marriage, etc... There are many displays including 2 rare cars that the Korean king and queen", August 2018
17,5.0,A must see museum within the grounds of Gyeongbokgung Palace,3 stories museum with plenty of artifacts showcasing the history and culture of South Korea from infancy. You don't need a guide to explore this museum as they are well presented and laid for any one to enjoy and be informed/educated of the country's history. It is within the, August 2018
18,5.0,Definitely worth doing,We were surprised to see that this museum was free to visit. It contains a great deal of Korean history and culture. It also offers free Wifi for visitors and proved a godsend on a scorching day after doing the palaces., August 2018
19,4.0,Interesting,"Since I am a big fans of Korean Drama and also a history lover, visiting this national museum links me. I enjoyed very much. The museum provide a stamp book where you can put a stamp at the exit of each room. Exciting activities for my teens.", July 2018
20,3.0,An average museum,"Although I have a great appreciation for museums of the world, I did not find this one particularly stunning. In fact, it was quite boring. Sparse highlights included a mural depicting the extent of the original palace grounds, the artifacts in section 5 on the 1st floor (1F),", July 2018
21,4.0,Small but Interesting Museum,It’s free admission to this museum which is next to the Gyeongbokgung Palace.  This museum is next to exit 5 of the Gyeongbokgung Station for the L3 subway line.  It is best to combine the visit to this museum with a visit to the Gyeongbokgung Palace and the National Folk Museum, May 2018
22,5.0,Nostalgic Visit,"National Palace Museum of Korea  - where artifacts and royal treasures from Joseon Dynasty to Korean Empire were kept.  It displays records, paintings, royal clothes, state rites and other stuffs from royal families.  It is very fortunate for me to visit this as i have been an", June 2018
23,5.0,Wonderful museum,"Fine museum focused on every aspect of life for Korean royalties, lots of interesting objects all displayed and explained clearly in multiple languages.  There’s a lot to see, and many did not make it to the lower floors where there is an amazing self-striking water clock. The", June 2018
24,4.0,Excellent Museum ,Visited this museum today. It is located in the compound of the Gyeongbokgung Palace. It is rest assured much more interesting than the Palace which is essentially a haunt of self seeking selfie takers.  The museum is fascinating and looks at the rulers of the Chosun dynasty. , March 2018
25,5.0,Depository of History,"This place is another heaven for history lovers! The museum can be found inside the compound of Gyeongbokgung Palace, and does not charge admission fee. It is a huge place with various galleries that offer a clear glimpse of the past of South Korea. Displays inside the museum", April 2017
26,5.0,Worth a visit whilst at the palace,"We thought we might as well look around here whilst visiting the palace and were happy we did. It’s a small museum but full of lovely things, the staff are so friendly there and seemed happy we had visited, 2 smiling ladies asked us to sign the guestbook and a security guard saw", February 2018
27,2.0,The cafe is overpriced and has bad coffee,We visited gyeonbukgung palace and stopped in the cafe  here for a quick coffee. It's cozy & comfy inside but it took ages to make the coffee and it was luke warm when we finally got it. I wouldn't recommend it. , December 2017
28,4.0,Excellent museum,"The National Palace Museum of Korea is within the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace. It was opened in 1992.   Many of the exhibits are mainly from the three palaces and date back to the Joseon Dynasty from late 14th century. The palaces are Gyeongbokgung, Changdeokgung and", August 2017
29,4.0,Well worth a repeat visit,"I visited this museum three years ago. Then I was impressed by the English speaking guide who walked the two of us around the exhibits and answered our many questions. Besides the regular exhibits, this museum occasionally holds special exhibitions, sometimes with a small charge", October 2017
30,5.0,Free museum,"Although it's inside the palace grounds, this museum is completely free and you don't need to visit the palace to see the museum. Considering all the Seoul palaces are bereft of antiquities and treasures, the museum is the only place you can discover what treats there might have", October 2017
31,3.0,A nice collection of royal seals.,"Visited the museum after checking out the Gyeongbokgung Palace. There were royal seals on display, a couple of royal cars etc. There were other royal regalia on display. It was alright, since I was there visiting the palace anyway.", October 2017
32,4.0,Free to Visit,We visited this museum first before entering Gyeongbokgung palace. Entry was free and there were some interesting exhibits. Good for a short visit but history buffs would probably stay longer. Easy to access., October 2016
33,4.0,"Nice, but not really special","What caught my eyes were royal cars displayed in the museum. Otherwise, other museums offer more. It is free, which is a bonus.", August 2017
34,4.0,Extensive Collection. Free Entrance,"The museum is located on the ground of Gyeongbokgung Palace. Very extensive exhibits of over 20,000 royal relics from the Joseon Dynasty. Very detailed information about about the royalty. It covers the Royal symbols and records, ancestral rites, palace architecture, Joseon", July 2017
35,3.0,Complements the Gyeongbokgung Palace,"This museum perfectly complements the Gyeongbokgung Palace by showcasing many royal artifacts from the 27 kings of the Joseon Dynasty, including a GM car from the early 20th century. Similar to the National Folk Museum nearby, entrance to this museum is also free although its", June 2017
36,5.0,"Big, comprehensive, free","Conveniently linked to the subway, this should be your first stop before visiting the palace to gain a better understanding of the history of the place. It is bigger than it looks and has lots of exhibit over 3 floors.  We covered less than 2 floors after more than an hour and", May 2017
37,4.0,Nice in combination with the palace ,"Admission is free so even if you don't like it, no harm no foul. The museum has some nice objects but nothing really spectacular, but you also get an insight into palace life and the sad short lived life of the Korean Empire. General descriptions are in English , items", May 2017
38,5.0,Truly wonderful display,This museum contains a vast array of memorable artifacts. The layout is very simple and clear. The high spot for me were the two vinatage burgandy cars. Looked stunning., May 2017
39,5.0,Palace closed so...........,We went here after arriving to visit the Palace on a Tuesday (when it was shut):). So we decided to go into the museum (which is free). We took advantage of the headphone facility in English for a small price and spent the afternoon here. So much to see and read about. So glad, April 2017
40,5.0,One of the best museums in Seoul!,This museum is better and more interesting than the National Museum of Korea.  It has lots of detailed information about the life in Korean cities and court before the modern times. The layout is well thought out and easy to follow. Lots of interesting information at the side of, April 2017
41,4.0,Nice museum palace,The museum is located in and not far away from the city. The building is nice and many palace's stuffs here, April 2016
42,4.0,Brief overview of Korean Palace life,A visit to this museum will give one a brief overview of Korean Palace life. This a good place to visit before going around the palace grounds so one will have a feel of the substance of the palace and other structures., February 2017
43,4.0,Quite interesting & informative. Good enhancement to a palace visit. But few English descriptions. ,"If you enjoy palaces, history and architecture, this is a place for you!  The exhibits explain how the palaces were built, the architecture styles, techniques and ideas. Also displays with palace life, etiquettes and practices.  Quite interesting. I enjoyed looking at the", February 2017
44,3.0,Free and by the palace,So many of the museums are much the same for the foreigner and this one was no different. There is some English but for many of the exhibits all you get was the name of the item in English which you could in most cases guess anyway. I found that after a bit that I just walked, January 2017
45,5.0,Unmissable,"Please stop by the museum when you visit the 5 palaces, it is so worth visiting, especially to see the screen", December 2016
46,5.0,All about Joseon era,"Beautifully laid out in spacious halls, the history of the 500 years of Joseon rule is well featured here. Free admission, located just next to the main entrance to Gyeongbukgung, there is little to discourage anyone to visit. Worth the 0.5 to 1 hour visit together with the", December 2016
47,5.0,Palace Museum,Pretty big museum. Right by one of the main temples. Entrance is free. So rich in history. Good souvenirs. 1F is under renovation, December 2016
48,4.0,Right next to Gyeongbok Palace,We're visiting the Gyeongbok Palace and the museum is right next to it.  A nice break from the heat and learn some Korean culture and history., July 2016
49,5.0,Best Museum in Seoul!!,"I stumbled upon this museum when visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace--in fact you enter through the gate to the Palace and the museum is on your right--hidden.  Free to enter and amazing exhibits. You can't miss the Korean Water clock, which defies description (it is two stories", December 2016
50,5.0,Following the TV series Jang Yeong-sil.,"Yeps, one goal at our Seoul trip was to see things that Jang Yeong-sil build and invented (or is told to be invented). Anyway, waterclock replica was awesome but we did not find proper replica for celestial globe. Later found there is replica somewhere south from Seoul but not", March 2016
51,5.0,Great stop,"Unless you have a guide, or even if you do, this is a great stop at the beginning of any tour of the palace.", September 2016
52,5.0,National Palace Museum,"For history, this is the place you must see. Well detailed and preserve. Free entrance, fyi.  Near the Gyeobokgung Palace. Station Gyeobokgung.  ", September 2016
53,3.0,Good museum,"This is a good quality museum and easy to get to using the metro. There are several exhibits, all worth seeing. The museum kept myself and my five year old interested the entire time we were there.", August 2016
54,4.0,Spacious and well organised museum,"The National Palace Museum of Korea is located next to the Gyeongbokgung Palace. It is very easy to access via the subway Gyeongbokgung station. Lots of insight into the life of the kings and queens over 3 floors. From cars, paintings, musical instruments,royal seals etc it has", August 2016
55,4.0,Excellent introduction to Korean Royalty and the Joseon Period,"While this museum has been around for several years, the current version is a huge improvement over its past.  (Actually, all the Korean national museums have been vastly improved over the past decade - and most of them now have free admission!)  It is thoroughly modern with", August 2016
56,5.0,"After a week of Chinese Museums, this was different (much better)","Easy access, right off the subway.  Clean and well lit, fairly clear explanations in English, very friendly staff.  Plenty to do for little kids.  This is good for older, younger, dates, anybody.  Free entry.  Pricey gift shop. Awe inspiring air conditioning. Start on B1 and", July 2016
57,4.0,Interesting place,This little museum covers about 500 years of the Joseon dynasty's lifestyle and their contributions to art and literature. The old scrolls provide an interesting insight into the development of the Korean alphabets. The dynasty was known for its passion for record keeping, April 2016
58,4.0,Museum is well lit and organized well for best viewing,"I found this museum to be well organized and easy to follow. The exhibits were not crowded, but were well appointed with care and artistry. I liked the vehicle that the emperor traveled in. It was beautifully restored and displayed. Right next to it was the conveyance where the", April 2016
59,4.0,Short but interesting tour,"I was very much curious about the Joseon Dynasty since in the Korean drama series, even in Hot Brain Problematic Men, they all mentioned about this dynasty. I was able to understand why people mostly referred to that dynasty.", May 2016
60,5.0,The National Palace Museum of Korea,"THE NATIONAL PALACE MUSEUM OF KOREA  Located on the very spacious grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace, the most exquisite palace in Seoul, are the National Palace Museum and the National Folk Museum of Korea.  The National Palace Museum of Korea has about 40,000 artifacts  from", October 2015
61,4.0,Great museum!,"This is a concise museum right next to the main palace in the Palace District of Seoul, and while not everything was translated in English, my husband and I still learned a lot from this museum. It made our time at the palace more interesting!", February 2016
62,3.0,simply gorgeous place!,The museum is free and admission does not cost anything  I love the national Palace Museum it's got great display of artwork and history!!! If you are into history and want to learn more about Korea this is the place to go!, October 2015
63,4.0,Know more about the palaces in Korea,Separated into few ares and showing different palaces' history. King's costumes & arts were presented in the museum, January 2016
64,5.0,Short but useful knowledge,In here you could learn about south korea history and tradition with interesting display. Good for family holiday., November 2015
65,5.0,Great to visit.. Free Admission,"The museum is located adjacent to Gyeongbokgung Palace and accessible through Subway Line 3 to Gyeongbokgung Station. The admission is free of charges. The museum definitely worth visiting and we enjoyed exploring the very interesting items exhibited overs several floor,", October 2015
66,4.0,"A fine collection, nicely displayed","Like many people, we went there just after the Palace. It is right next door and entrance is covered by the same ticket.  Nothing exciting or worldview changing here, but they have some nice pieces and they are lovingly displayed. Spacious galleries with well-lit showcases. ", December 2015
67,4.0,Provides the context behind your visit to Gyeongbokgung Palace,"The National Palace Museum of Korea (free entry) is one of the two museums located on the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds. Opening Hours are 9-6pm weekdays, 9-7pm weekends, closed on Mondays.    Relocated to the modern building in the southwest part of the", November 2015
68,4.0,Easy to reach on the underground,"The museum is very well-designed and entrance, as in most cultural places in Seoul, is free. The museum is very close to the large palace of Gyeongbokgung. Avoid visiting on a Monday, it is closed then. The various galleries have magnificent displays from the Joseon dynasty,", September 2015
69,4.0,Great museum,"My husband and I visited this museum on a Tuesday. As the palace and the folk museum (both next to the National Palace Museum) are closed on Tuesdays, it resulted in the very few people visiting this museum that day which suited us fine.  There's nothing worse than a crowded and", September 2015
70,4.0,Interesting Glimpse into the Past,"Entrance to the museum is free. Very clean, upmarket and interesting. You can take guided tours in English,Korean, Japanese and Chinese.", August 2015
71,4.0,Royal Museum,This museum mainly focuses on Joseon Dynasty. You can check out various materials of Joseon. They do have uniqueness and attractiveness., January 2015
72,5.0,Unmissable museum of royal history,"The National Palace Museum is secluded in a corner of the walled Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds and can be hard to find unless you are coming from the subway station. It should be near the top of all itineraries to Seoul, as its galleries contain the countless treasures of the", June 2015
73,4.0,A great place to explore the history associated with Joseon Dynasty,Takes about 2-3 hours to finish. I would recommend stopping by this museum if you are visiting Gyeongbokgung palace. , June 2015
74,5.0,Learn Each Era's History and Background,Every era has their own uniqueness. Learn them in this place. Ready your camera for picture taking around the place!, December 2014
75,4.0,Learn every korean history at here,"the view at outside is nice no matter what season you come, inside museum we can learn a lot of korean history, too bad we don't have enough time to visit this place.", February 2015
76,4.0,Do not miss the Joseon Science Museum 2,"There's a tiny room downstairs on Joseon science with a very interesting model of a ""water clock."" There's a screen explaining how it works and a timetable that details when it ""chimes.""", January 2015
77,3.0,Must have a cup of coffee here!,"We arrived here in cold winter and the snow is everywhere outside, making a beautiful snow scene. I was a bit tired so I went to the cafe here. Just order ordinary coffee cause the flavor is average, no surprise. But the scene outside is marvellous! So enjoy your coffee time", December 2014
78,3.0,Specialized Korean palace artifacts,This museum had very well done displays but the topics and items were quite specialized to Korean palace life and royalty.  I think a full appreciation of this museum requires homework and/or a good background understanding of Korean royal history.  A guided tour would probably, December 2014
79,5.0,First rate and free,"I love museums and have been to some big ones in Europe and little ones in Asia (Laos is a good example). This one is larger than average and features artefacts from the 500 year history of the Joseon dynasty, from about 1500.  There about 900 relics and objects on display, most", November 2014
80,4.0,All is revealed,"The museum is really the place to go if you are interested in learning the history of the Korean dynasties and all about the number of palaces that Korea has to offer. I learned as much as I could, considering that the bulk of information on every piece in the museum is in", November 2014
81,5.0,A Good Guide Makes a Great Difference,"We went on the English Tour at the National Palace Museum of Korea.  A good guide makes a great difference in not only explaining the exhibits, but communicating the history and subtleties of what occured throughout the dynasty periods.  The exhibits covered categories of palace", September 2013
82,2.0,English signage?,"All the artifacts had write ups in korean, which was really a pity as we came from abroad wanting to learn more about the culture and history. Only had wrie ups in english at the entrance of the exhibits and as labels to the artifacts. ", August 2013
83,4.0,South Korean history,During a business trip to South Korea I had the chance to do some sight seeing i Seoul.  It covers mostly the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910) and their 27 kings. Most impressiv was the water clock and also the level of science in the early years. I would say that you need at least, November 2012
84,4.0,Get an audio guide for a comprehensive explanation of the exhibits,"There is no fee to enter and my guidebook said that admission to this museum is included in the ticket price of the admission ticket to Gyeongbokgung Palace, however when I entered, no one bothered to check if I had a ticket to Gyeongbokgugn Palace.  I just walked in and no one", September 2012
85,3.0,Nothing much to see,This place is about a 10 min walk from the nearest subway station. Admission is free but audio guide costs about 1000/2000 won. You can opt to have a guided tour but the time slots are limited and very few in english.  I wouldnt recommend one to come to this museum if you're a, August 2012
86,5.0,free admission to explore Korean history from the birth till now,"Subway line 4, Ichon station , exit 2.  this is the place you can enjoy more than half day of your time to get to know Korea better. Groudn floor is full of Korean history, 2nd  floor is made by all donated exibits, 3rd floor is Asian hall. 1st floor and 3rd floor are more", April 2012
87,4.0,Another free one...great value!,"As we headed to Gyeongbokgung palace, we were unsure how much time we would be spending there.  Once you've seen enough old buildings, you tend to run in and take a look and leave.  We were surprised to find the grounds had 2 great museums and a splendid cafe. This museum", April 2011
