,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Modern museum,This is a modern museum about how Koreans live their lives in olden times. A lot of history to learn. Very well organized and good display. Entrance is free., October 2019
1,4.0,A Cultural Experience!,"First time to visit Seoul, Korea.  This was the 1st stop of the tour.  The place is huge with beautiful structure, signs with their own meanings.  The tour guide was able to explain the meaning of every structure why it's facing East, West, etc. Why structure openings pointing", January 2020
2,5.0,lots to learn,This was a very nice place to get out of the December breeze and learn somethings about Korea. Well organized with good displays. , December 2019
3,5.0,A wonderful display!,The entrance beckons payment of $3 for the museum. Pamphlets are available in multiple languages for free. The garden is expansive and backs onto the rear of the palace gardens. There is a fine example of funerary temple huts with extraordinary tombstones and figurines next to, November 2019
4,4.0,Learn about Korean Culture,"I really enjoyed my visit here. It's a wonderful place to learn about Korean culture. If you are into history, this will be a good visit to gain some understanding of Korea's culture.", December 2018
5,5.0,Beautiful small museum of social history,"This museum is excellent. I love ethnographic museums where you can see how everyday people used to live, eat and dress and this one is excellent. It's all very impressive seeing art and sculpture and gold and jewels but this tells you very little about the real people of the", September 2019
6,5.0,interesting,I like a bit of history and it was nice to have the chance to see it all. The courtyard is also nice to see. , October 2019
7,4.0,Located adjacent to the GYEONGBOKGUNG palace,The Folk Museum it is an attractive modern museum. It features several historic home displays plus associated items. It explains life in medieval Korea. It is topped with a pagoda which can be seen but not climbed.  , October 2019
8,4.0,Should have arrived sooner,"Almost two hours and I hadn’t covered all that much.  So, I left at closing time wishing that I had arrived earlier.  The museum is large. There are many exhibits, and explanations in English.  While the main museum is covered, there are many exhibits outside in the park.  As", October 2019
9,5.0,Great day trip,This is a fantastic site where they offer information about how people in Korea lived in olden times. It ends up with some kind of festival with people dancing in traditional customes. Great visit, October 2019
10,5.0,Interesting and fascinating,"The park area is beautiful, with various building, but I found the actual museum to be fascinating. The displays have great English descriptions and seem to be very well taken care of. Many facets of Korean culture were presented, from education and the development of the", October 2019
11,4.0,Definitely worth paying a visit,"The museum doesn't cost anything, but is informative about Korean culture and history.  The museum exhibits are well designed, and visually appealing.  It is definitely worth visiting for tourists.", October 2019
12,5.0,Fantastic Place To Visit,"I visited this museum and walked around visiting some exhibits.  This museum has permanent exhibitions on the lives of ancient Koreans. They are fabulous to look at and you can get a good sense of how they lived.  This museum is clean, neat, and bright. They have a lovely gift", October 2019
13,5.0,A must see if you're in Jongno-Gu,"The National Folk Museum sits at the back of Gyeongbokgung and you really can't miss the large pagoda. To be honest I had little desire to come here, but because I stayed nearby and its free, I thought I might as well. The pagoda is a landmark in Seoul and has featured on many a", October 2019
14,3.0,Good cultural museum,Its a very good cultural museum depicting ancient traditional culture.A must see museum in a folk village.Must see, October 2019
15,4.0,Historia of seou,"This placed will tell you, how it Washington the way of  life for the acient people of seoul, great place to go, in the palace", October 2019
16,3.0,Historical Artifacts Used By Koreans,This was an interesting park with historical artifacts used by Koreans in the daily lives. It is located in the grounds of the Gyeongbokgong Palace.It was established by the US Government in 1945 and is worthy of a stroll through., September 2019
17,3.0,Good but not necessary,"Folk Museum is quite nice and all, but if you have already been in the National Museum (and you should), this one doesn't offer that much. It is close to the palaces however so if you have time just browse it through!", April 2019
18,3.0,Simple,"Located inside the palace, the museum is nice and small. It shows the old life and clothes of the culture.", September 2019
19,4.0,Culture on the go,The National Folk Museum of Korea is one of my favorit museums in Seoul. Its a great place to be when its warm outside cause they have Aircon everywhere. haha Also you will learn a lot about the history of Korea, October 2018
20,4.0,Worth a visit.,"If you have time to spare, it's worth a visit. It doesn't take long to go around.   What we liked about it:  - We learnt what the features on the roofs were about and why they built their housing the way they did. - The detail of the royal lifestyle and their people. - Replicas", March 2019
21,5.0,An interesting museum in the center of Seoul.,"Located next to the Gyeongbokgung Palace Complex. Many halls, interesting exhibits. Talks about folk crafts, traditions of Korea. It will be interesting to children, since everything is very clear and understandable.", July 2019
22,5.0,Worth seeing. Great museum,"A very interesting, detailed and well-set up museum about different aspects of life in Korea. Explanations are also available in English", July 2019
23,5.0,Lots of interesting history,We spent a morning here and enjoyed learning about the history of the people of Seoul.  The displays were excellent and an English headset made it easy to learn from the displays.  I would recommend this museum when visiting the palace., July 2019
24,4.0,Interesting Museum within Gyeongbokgung Palace Grounds ,Free to enter once you have paid into Gyeongbokgung Palace and is remarkable to see from the outside with its stunning pagoda. I didn't stay too long inside as by the time I reached it the whole oslaceccomplex was due to close within an hour but I found it very enlightening and, July 2019
25,4.0,Stumbled on it by accident,"I came across The National Folk Museum of Korea purely by accident while waiting for the MMCA to open. Just across the street free, I thought why not? It's an interesting introduction to how Korean daily life and worship have evolved over time. Well worth a visit.", June 2019
26,5.0,Neat building and good exhibits.,"Nice overview of Korean history. Lovely exhibits and objects to view. Highly interactive - including one exhibit about Korean astronomy and star mapping - including star magnitudes. Of course there was a bit of Korean dream analysis, too. Very interesting. ", June 2019
27,4.0,Free museum near Gyeongbokgung Palace,"I came to this museum after visiting the nearby Gyeongbokgung Palace. It showcased the  historical artifacts that were used in the daily lives of Korean people in the past, ie domestic, agricultural lifestyles and cultural beliefs. It has 3 permanent exhibitions and 2 special", June 2019
28,3.0,you really have to be into this thing...,"the national folk museum is worth seeing if you are into these kinds of attractions. even so, its not very comprehensive.", June 2019
29,4.0,WELL WORTH A VISIT---INTERESTING EXHIBITS,"This museum is located at the rear entrance to the Gyeonbokgung Palace.  Depending on your level of interest, your visit can be relatively short  or longer,. In either case, this is a worthwhile site.  Like most sites in South Korea, there a a number of steps to navigate.", June 2019
30,5.0,A Day In the Life,This museum was located next to rear entrance to the Gyeongbokgung Palace. The building design was quite unexpected and its concrete base rose high above the ground with a multi story pagoda located on the top.  There also was a nicely landscaped garden surrounding the museum. , June 2019
31,5.0,Interesting Exhibits of What life was like,Interesting to see and read about the Korean folk life. You can pass through quickly or spend some time reading., May 2019
32,4.0,Interesting,"It was very interesting to see all the items on display. It's not a big museum, so it's easy to combine this with other sites in the area.", May 2019
33,5.0,"I don’t like Museums, but this was great ","I have to admit I was drawn to the building by the gardens and it’s architecture. The fact that it was free admission was another benefit. Cafes and toilets on a long day sightseeing, clinched the deal.  But it was wonderfully developed.  Really enjoyed learning of the", May 2019
34,2.0,Antiques galore. ,We quickly went in here after spending a lot of time at the Gyeongbokgung palace. There is just a lot of stuff in here and it wasn’t that interesting to us at that point. If you are an antique buff then this could be right up your alley! Not to us after spending a lot of time at, May 2019
35,5.0,Interesting museum,"I visited this museum as part of a City tour, spent 45 minutes there and could have easily spent all day in and around the museum. It is in a relatively modern building, laid out really well and I spent all of my time in the Korean historical section. Most of the displays are", April 2019
36,4.0,Interesting Visit,This is a museum dedicated to honouring day to day life on the Korean Peninsula since it’s early days. There’s no mention of the war with the North in this museum which is great as that’s everywhere else! The three exhibits show a different facet of Korean life. All of them, April 2019
37,4.0,Beautiful museum,"Right on the grounds of Gyeongbakgung Palace, this gem of a museum documents Korean life.  As a Senior, our admission was free which was a nice bonus.   Take your time to visit and learn about Korean life, past and present; they do a beautiful job of documenting and displaying", March 2019
38,4.0,National Museum,It's in front of the eastern gate of Gyeongbok palace. We didn't explore much inside the museum but we just had a photo op in front of the building. :), November 2018
39,5.0,Great history of Korean people ,Excellent museum with different exhibition halls covers the agricultural way of Korean people life and interesting culture., March 2019
40,5.0,infomative museum,Was brought here by the tour guide. Went through the historical lifestyle of Koreans. Interesting exhibits., March 2019
41,5.0,Folk Museum,Good to experience the history of the ancient Korean people. Good and neatly displayed. Thanks for this experience, January 2019
42,5.0,educational,"very educational, it show case not only current but also during the older era. love this place...is also good place for children too.", March 2019
43,5.0,Photo op structure within Gyeongbokgung Palace,This will be the first structure you will see if you will enter via the east gate of Gyeongbokgung Palace. A better route if you ask me., March 2019
44,4.0,Very Interesting,This was worth the time to experience. We found it to be very interesting seeing the history and articles of Korea. , February 2019
45,5.0,Insightful and modern museum,"Nice location, just st the bottom of the Bukchon Hanok village. Boarders Royal palace grounds. Good intro into Korean culture and way of life. Exhibition is modern, well made, English texts everywhere. One of the better museums of this kind that I saw.", March 2019
46,5.0,Nice Museum,It's a simple yet nice museum. We  learned more about Korea's colourful history. It was all in all a wonderful learning experience, May 2018
47,3.0,Intresting,The museum is in the grounds of the gyeongbok palace.you need a guide to explain about it.can take plenty of nice photos.it was very intresting learning about the way of life years ago and how much it has changed.we both enjoyed it., January 2019
48,3.0,Just okay,I don’t know but I’m not that impressed with this museum. It presented daily life of Koreans in the past. It has lots of displays but I found it just so so. , January 2019
49,4.0,Fun place for family,Best museum. We like the small hut outside the compound. The displays inside the museum were well organised. My 8 years old son found it very interesting. There is a children museum within the same building. My 1 year old son was having great fun there. A great place for adult, December 2018
50,5.0,Museum for the entire family,"A very nice museum inside and outside with some amazing buildings. There is also a museum only for kids. And the best thing is that this area is free to enter, but do yourself a favor and pay the 3000 wons to visit the temples. You won't regret it.", November 2018
51,5.0,Korean Culture immersion at its best!,"We had a great and detailed introduction about life, culture and history of Korea. For a Korean culture lover like me, this is a great way to appease the thirst for knowledge about the country. I really appreciated how the museum have depicted the evolution and values of Korean", November 2018
52,3.0,"I don't want to be negative, but just not my thing",This site is located in the vicinity of so my more places of interest it would seem a pity not to visit so generally I would not want to discourage anyone from visiting or including it in a visit to this area in general. The reason that I wanted to include this review is to, November 2018
53,5.0,History,Very beautiful interesting museum. Splendid view around. It is situated near Gyeonbokgung Palace. It is necessary to take tour guide there to listen to Korean history., October 2018
54,5.0,Fabulous museum of Korean folk art ,If you visit the Gyeongbukgung Palace be sure to pay a visit to this wonderful museum which is a short walk away.  You’ll be able to cover the museum in a couple of hours in a casual stroll.  Stop and focus on any particular exhibit that interests you.  Most visitors to the, November 2018
55,5.0,Excellent Museum,"This museum is definitely worth visiting! Great infrastructure and atmosphere, lots of interesting items, perfect place to learn more about Korean culture & lifestyle!", November 2018
56,3.0,Korean History & Culture,"The museum is free as it is located inside the Gyeongbokgung Palace. Very informative for those who want to understand the culture and history of Korea.  I find it a little bored because the Korean culture is almost similar to the culture for Chinese. Thus, we do not need much", November 2018
57,3.0,Interesting and informative,"Located on the Gyeongbokgung palace grounds you can go back and forth between the two with your palace admission ticket. The exhibits were interesting, featuring this like the origin and types of kimchi, traditional houses with furnished rooms that you could, with shoes off,", October 2018
58,5.0,Very informative about Korean history and culture,"I went to visit Gyeongbokgung Palace and it was raining so I detoured into here. I was very glad I did because it was a lovely museum, English translations for most of the exhibit labels and signs. I really enjoyed the special exhibit about the history of humanity and salt.", October 2018
59,4.0,Free museum,"The National Folk museum of Korea is free. There is an inside and outside component. I favored the outside portion the most. The inside has an exhibition of history of everyday culture, of major life events, artifacts and special exhibitions featuring galleries to educate you on", October 2018
60,5.0,A great museum and photo opportunity,"Fun fact: This museum is built in modern days. Although for ordinary people, this museum may blend in with Gyongbuk Palace. But for historians, the style of this building do not follow traits of traditional Korean palaces. Rather, it is more of a Buddhism-style building. There's", October 2018
61,5.0,Another must do,Check this place out preferably on a warm day when its not raining.  A lot of walking and out door things but again someplace that is must see in Korea., January 2018
62,4.0,Learn about Korea!,The folk museum is a charming and information- laden introduction to Korea in past times. It greatly helps your understanding and appreciation of Korea., October 2018
63,5.0,Lovely Museum ,"This museum was perfect for a cool yet sunny autumn day since many of the sites were outdoors in a park-like setting. The exhibits in the museum gave insight to Korean life and traditions of days past. Also, there was a special exhibit on “Salt”, which was much more interesting", October 2018
64,4.0,Very interesting place,Very nice facility with impressive exhibits of Korean lore through the ages.   Something here for everyone.   Easy pace and easy to navigate.   Thoroughly enjoyed the time here. You move at you own pace.   While perhaps not a must see it is worth the time and effort if you are, October 2018
65,4.0,Museum for free,"While returning from samcheongdong gil road, i explored this place and as the entrance was free (which is usually not for museums) i decided to go inside. I must say it was worth a visit. Very well maintained open air museum, exhibiting everyday life of Korean people from", July 2018
66,5.0,A visit worth million words,We loved this museum. It was a great opportunity to get a glimpse of how South Korean lived before and how they went with their lives day in and day out. The place was so serene. This museum offered a load of great spots to see with no  admission fee.     , August 2018
67,4.0,Within Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds,"If you're visiting the Palace, go see the museum as well. It's walking distance and within the palace grounds.  Shows cultural and historical pieces. Does not take a long time to explore the place - and on a hot day, they have good air conditioning, clean bathrooms and the cafe", September 2018
68,5.0,Well Designed.  Interesting.,"We arrived on time to get an English speaking tour of the Museum.  The displays are well marked in English and Korean, but the tour guide really added to our appreciation of this museum.  Although this museum is inside the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace, you do need a", August 2018
69,4.0,Must do,It is near the Gyeonbokgung Palace so after wrapping up your tour in Palace come and enjoy this place, October 2017
70,5.0,Folk Museum  exceptional,The National Folk Museum inside the large Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds has allot of exhibits illustrating the history of Korea.   The old artifacts used on farms and in households are very interesting.   The development of korea in the modern age is also shown.   Allot of, August 2018
71,5.0,Behind the Palace,I really liked this alot. It is included in the price of the Palace ticket. It gives you the history of Korea and definitely some very cool artifacts. swords etc., February 2018
72,5.0,"Excellent, coherent, well designed and fun!","and free. what more can you ask from a museum? A day before, we went to the national museum, to study more about the history of Korea. I must admit, the time-line was better presented and explained here. An appealing exhibition for all ages. Currently, they have a temp.", August 2018
73,5.0,historical place,like any other museum . this museum tells us the history of korean more to the folk not to the historical like wars and any other things . in this museum you can see how old korean people doing the activities. this place is very near to gyeongbok palace ., March 2018
74,5.0,What a wonderful museum,The museum is in the grounds of Gyongbokgung Palace and is one of the more interesting museums i have ever visited. We spent 3 hours there but if we had time we probably could have spent a lot longer. Do not miss this attraction., July 2018
75,5.0,Excellent Museum! ,Very nice museum situated within Gyeongbokgung palace. Nice museum that show lots of artefacts that were used by the Korean people in the past. Free admission. Must visit! , July 2018
76,4.0,Good Museum with Free Admission,It’s free admission to this museum but it is within the site of Gyeongbokgung Palace and you need to pay to visit the Palace.  This museum presents Korean life during the Josean period from 1392 to 1910.  The museum is well organized with displays in both Korean and English. , May 2018
77,4.0,Nice museum,I spent half of the day in the museum and it was really interesting to see all Korea cultures. Nice and well-cared also good for all age to see., August 2017
78,4.0,Interesting and FREE,"My teenage sister and I enjoy museums so we decided to try out The National Folk Museum on a whim. And pleasantly enough, we enjoyed it a lot more than we thought we would. There's a lot of interesting culture and folk history explained here so we got to learn a lot more than we", August 2017
79,5.0,Beautiful museum,Do not miss this museum and especially the recreation of historical street. There are also interesting exhibitions in the museum itself. It is free for the palace visitors., June 2018
80,5.0,Beautiful muesum,This was a beautiful museum. i learned some interesting facts in the exhibits. You don't need a tour guide to go and if you have your ticket from the Palace then its free to get in. , June 2018
81,5.0,Important Culture Base,This is a MUST for giving any visitors to Korea a grounding in Ancient Korean History . The displays of Joseong period costumes and artifacts Show how Korea must have attained a kind of Esthetic perfection pre 1915 .. I think that this country has been ravaged by conflict and, June 2018
82,3.0,Nice information,"Good place with a lot of history about South Korea, the entry is free for the palace visitors. The architecture and backdrop is beautiful for photos as well.", June 2018
83,4.0,Detailed and Free,A good overview of the history as well as some very nice displays.  Not overly crowded despite being free!, June 2018
84,5.0,BUsy on a Saturday.,"Very well presented and managed establishment that is built under an amazing Korean traditional structure with granite to die for. The museum houses several displays, art works and a fantastic history of the folk law of Korea. Fabulous gardens - stunning in Spring - make the", May 2018
85,4.0,Excellent and free attraction,"This museum is located behind the Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds and admission is free.  The exhibits are both outside and inside.  Outside are some shrines, statues and small buildings in a very serene setting.  Inside is a history of the Korean peninsula from the stone age to", May 2018
86,3.0,Small but interesting museum,"On my opinion, it is a good museum because you will know a lot about Korean culture, how they used to live and traditions. For occidentals it is very interesting to see culture differences, their origin and beginings. It has all the services, a medium size cafeteria area and a", July 2017
87,5.0,My favourite place,"So cool!!! I had a great time there. That place is the best way to see historical aspects of Korea, to know more about the lives of Korean old days. I will go back again! ", May 2018
88,5.0,An incredible review of an amazing country and people,"This was my third visit to the museum and every time I see something new and learn something new every time. Korea has such an amazing culture and history. Set in the grounds of Gyeongbokong Palace, you can visit individually or as part of the whole palace experience. If you", May 2018
89,5.0,Worth A Quick Stop To Learn About Korean History,"We happened to walk by this museum while wandering around the Palace area. I am so glad to have stopped by this museum which was well organized and did a great job in outlining the Korean history. Great presentation. Even if you only have an hour to spare, I recommend stopping", May 2018
90,5.0,Really Nice Museum,"This museum gives you a good overview of the Korean people. There were museum volunteers that expanded on some of the exhibits for us. Well laid out, and not overwhelming.", April 2018
91,5.0,Drop here during my Seoul City Bus Tour,I drop here during my Seoul city bus tour and turns out you can enter Gyeongbokgong from here too but is from behind the palace.  The museum is fantastic and interesting. , March 2018
92,4.0,Lots of interesting Korean artifacts and info about Korean life in the past,"Right next to Gyeonbokgung Palace, topped by a tall wooden pagoda.   There are free guided tours in English at 1030 and 230.   You could instead rent an audio player for 1000krw or just read the information which is generally available in English.   The Museum presents lots of", May 2018
93,4.0,Blast from the Past,We were drawn here from Gyeongbukgong Palance by the pagoda. Thought it was part of the palace but then realised it wasn't when we had to exit the grounds. We didn't have time to go in (The discover Seoul Pass had a free entry here too) but wandered around outside as we wandered, December 2017
94,5.0,Excellent modern and educating museum in the palace grounds.,A bonus to visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace is the that the Nation Folk Museum is located nearly on its premise. It is worth a stop after you have seen the palace. The museum is full of cultural and historical artifacts and exhibits. There is also a children's area and restrooms., April 2018
95,4.0,"If you want to learn abt Korea, come here","Very informative. I came to Korea because I also wanted to learn about their history and this place is a great help to understand the Korean culture better. Although not a beautiful aesthetically as the War Memorial, this place delivers great info as well. When you go to", March 2018
96,3.0,Nice Museum,"Very nice building housing the museum, basically located on the campus of the Gyeongbokgung Palace.  The palace buildings are generally bare and viewable only from the outside.  This museum provides some perspective on the Korean way of life, including the evolution of the", January 2018
97,3.0,Interesting ,Representing the way Korean used to dress eat and live As a Doctor I was interested to see how they were treating patients it is worth a visit, April 2018
98,4.0,great museum,nice museum close to the gyongborksung palace. The museum is housed in an incredible building and is free. worth popping in if you have time, April 2018
99,4.0,free admission,There is a replica of shops that show what they look like in the 50s? Good for those who love to explore the museum. This place is next to Gyeongbukgong Palace., March 2018
100,5.0,One of the best museums I ever been to,"We loved it!  I work as a guide at home. So I know something about museums. And I have to admit that this museum is one of the best I’ve ever been to.  The layout, visual representation, combination of old and modern. It’s just amazing. Everything is so clear.  The exhibition is", December 2017
101,5.0,Connected to Gyeongbukgong Palace,Its great to visit this place to understand the Korean history. Free admission for this but if you transfer to Gyeongbukgong Palace to need to pay or wear a Hanbok., March 2018
102,5.0,Historical Site,This is another historical place to learn about Korean Culture and Arts. Nice to see how they lived in their era and how Koreans start their life to their death., March 2018
103,5.0,Korean experience,I signed for a free Korean cooking class in The National Folk Museum of Korea and that was a really amazing experience. Definitely gonna try it again. Entrance to museum area is for free and you can enjoy traditional buildings and activities, February 2018
104,4.0,Good to see,"Visited as part of a half-day, multi-site tour. From what we saw of the museum, it was a great learning experience and brief look into the Korean culture.", March 2018
105,4.0,"lively exhibits, great way to learn Korean culture and customs","This museum is connected to Gyeongbokgung Palace. The Palace is just physical buildings, the museum tells the stories of Korean people and how they lived their daily lives in the past. A great combination! ", March 2018
106,5.0,Free ticket from Gyeongbokgung!,"We didn’t plan to go to the museum. Since we got free access (because we had the Palace tickets), we decided to look around. It was a great experience! The exhibition hall is divided into 3 section and I felt the exhibition could tell you about Korean folk just like flowing", March 2018
107,4.0,Free admission ,"I was happy to be in this free entrance ground zone where admission was free and I do not have to buy any entrance ticket . The area was historical , enchanting . It's near to the famous Gyeongbokgung palace . ", March 2018
108,5.0,All About the Folks,"Another territorial treasure found within the the Gyeongbokgong Palace is the lovely and amazing National Folk Museum of Korea. The center building is very unique, lovely and amazing. Before my trip, I already read articles about this place, but seeing it in person was such an", April 2017
109,4.0,Good Education,There is a lot of good stuff in this museum.  I found this more interesting than the Palace next door.  There is some very very interesting pictures., December 2017
110,5.0,Tourists ,On the same grounds as Gyeongbokgung Palace and FREE! Easy to wander and follow the different exhibits. A volunteer approached and spent about 30 mins. walking us they different exhibits and giving us great insight into Korean culture. Only disappointment was that the gift shop, February 2018
111,5.0,"some story about old Korean and the civilisation, very nice museum","after passing thru the palace, next path leads to this museum. Learn something about Korea civilization,in a comfy place. it's warm when we visit at winter season. at the other side of the museum we can find replica of Korea old city, we love it.", January 2018
112,5.0,A free glimpse of Korean culture,"it is near Gyeongbokgung Palace. Hence, visiting one after the other is a nice addition to your Seoul Itinerary.  It is a free museum that exhibits Korean culture and traditions.  When we visited, it is a bit crowded because of the many tourists who avoided the cold weather", November 2017
113,5.0,"Must visit, Korean culture","This museum is a must visit place when you are in Gyeongbokgung. A lot of exhibitions and it's all free. You can learn about their culture. As we came there, they had special exhibition about the year of dog. ", January 2018
114,5.0,Interesting museum of Korean culture,"We came here on a shore excursion after visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace which is next to it.  It is a free museum.  I don't think I saw all of it because our time was limited. It had a nice gift shop, and children's area.  What I saw was life size exhibits detailing the life", April 2017
115,5.0,Fascinating exhibits and best of all: free,"Located inside the palace, this museum chronicles the history of the Korean people and their individual lives - marriage,  education, burial, war etc.  There are many life sized models and replicas, the highlight of which has to be the funer bier. The gift shop has an", January 2018
116,5.0,Free & So much to see,We didn't spend too much time here because we were part of a larger tour but we definitely could have spent a lot of time here! It is a nice respite from the chilliness of December and the museum is well set up!, December 2017
117,4.0,Picturesque,We were not able to explore the inside but we had lots of picture from the outside. it's clean and well maintained and lots of flowers on display (we went during spring), April 2017
118,5.0,Beautiful sites,This is one of the best museums in Korea to see. It's always fun to visit no matter how many times you go. It's a must see place to visit., December 2017
119,4.0,Neat place to visit if your'e going to the palace,"Neat place to visit. Their exhibits are really well done and are pretty cool to look at. They have very few artifacts though. Most things are replicas so unfortunately you won't see too many original pieces. Nonetheless, worth checking out if you're nearby the palace. They did a", November 2017
120,5.0,A journey through history,"Well laid out, lovely costumes with scenes set up to depict village life. Good historical explanations at most museums about the life and times of Koreans dating back to early times.", October 2017
121,4.0,Great place to know Korean better,"First this museum is free, located within the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace so you can visit the museum when you visit the palace.", November 2017
122,5.0,Interesting and Free,"What an interesting place to visit! Outdoor and Indoor, and it is free!! From traditional Korean buildings to clothings, Korean life to food, etc displayed. Only problem was there are not much information written about them. So basically I only read name of things displayed", November 2017
123,4.0,History,A trip to the museum is a must for a glimpse into Korean history. Make sure to avoid the large tourist groups., October 2017
124,5.0,Fascinating and enjoyable ,"Adjacent to the Gyeongbokgung Palace. Between the extensive palace grounds and this interesting museum, there's plenty to see. One gallery takes you through the traditional Korean life phases and another is organized around the four seasons. If you like seeing what everyday life", October 2017
125,4.0,Great museum to get a feel for Korea,"This was an interesting stop that my wife and I checked out after wandering out of the Gyeongbokgung complex.  They had some great outdoor booths exhibiting tea ceremony, traditional meals for the royals, kimchi making, etc.  Inner museum was also interesting - though the scope", October 2017
126,3.0,"Not a whole lot to see, but it's interesting","This free museum is on the edge of Gyeongbokgung Palace, but you don't need to visit the palace to see the museum. The most impressive aspect is the pagoda that sits on top of the building, but it's not open to the public. The exhibits are interesting enough, but hardly", October 2017
127,4.0,Very educational,"A must-go site for whoever wishes to know more about this fantastic country than whatever the Western medias feed us with. The Korea history is well covered, in an entertaining and informative manner. Special thumb-up to all the agricultural items/tools on display and to the", October 2017
128,3.0,Combine with the palace ,"This is attached to the palace grounds so you can combine the two.  Couple of decent exhibitions. The JUNK exhibition was nice. Free entry. Clean.  Numerous toilets. But is busy, usually with children running around.  ", October 2017
129,5.0,very informative!,"Came here when visiting the palace and was not disappointed. This museum has pretty much all the history of Korea, good explanations, nice set ups, videos, interactive areas. You really get to know Korean history from Korean perspective. It was well worth the visit and helped me", September 2017
130,4.0,Worth a visit,If you have time this place is worth a quick visit. There are enough signs in English which helps. It shows how people in Korea used to live. It's good for understanding more about Korean culture and history., October 2017
131,4.0,Why Not?,"This museum is actually located within the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace. The traditional life of Korean is depicted through the use of various media, primarily replicas. I found it informative and worthwhile if you have some extra time in Seoul. I would not consider it a", June 2017
132,5.0,Great Museum Explaining Korean Culture,"We just happened to stumble upon this museum.  Admission is free which is always a plus.  The museum is an ethnographic museum explaining the lives and culture of Korea.  I found the museum to be very interesting and informative.  If you have the time, a visit to the museum is", September 2017
133,4.0,An informative museum,This museum is situated adjacent to gyeongbokgung palace so it can be visited along with the palace.Its a good museum housing many pictures and antiques describing the history of korea and its people., August 2017
134,5.0,"A nice small museum. Looks traditional out side, but modern inside.",Free admission to a great museum. Kids love it. All adulsts in the group enjoyed... Surrounding enviornment is full of exhibits..., September 2017
135,5.0,Very nice museum.,"If you are in the nearby palace, you just have to get here as well. It displays a nice view on living in Korea a long time ago.", August 2017
136,4.0,Excellent! Worth a visit,Excellent museum for a visit into Korea's history and culture. Well kept with superb exhibits and art collections. I strongly recommend it., April 2017
137,5.0,It is free admission,The museum shows how Koreans live in past and now. The exhibits are interesting. We can know better about Koreans after visiting the museum.  The museum is free admission. Don't miss it., August 2017
138,5.0,Great displays,"There were a lot of beautiful displays, especially the clothes.  The screens are very colourful.  The old artefacts were well preserved.  A well worth museum to visit.", June 2017
139,5.0,a day in Museum,"spent a beautiful trip in The National Folk Museum of Korea , wonderful place , with good hospitality historical place with amazing modern view", July 2017
140,4.0,A nice and detailed museum,Lots to see in this museum and it is a lovely contrast to the largely empty temple. There is a lot of information about the culture of Korea and its history but nothing to do with religion.  Interesting but definitely filtered., July 2017
141,5.0,Really Amazing Museum,"on 29th June, 2017 we visited this Museum while coming out of the nearby Palace. Very interesting and lot of unknown information can be gathered by seeing the inside. we took a lot of nice pics. Variety is mixed with architecture and traditions. It depicts how the Korean Culture", June 2017
142,4.0,"The outside part is very good, inside not interesting.","I like the outdoor part of this museum, the old buildings and the park around them.  But the exhibitions inside the museum were not very interesting for me.", July 2017
143,5.0,Slice of Life,Provides a cultural backdrop from understanding the people here.  The first two galleries are permanent and go back many centuries to highlight life here.  Worth visiting if you are already at Gyeongbokgong Palace., July 2017
144,5.0,Great Museum to understand The Cultural History,"We had too short a time in this museum.  We were on a ship's tour and only had time for one of the exhibit halls.  These exhibits gave a real insight to historical life in Korean and some of their customs.  They  had a great little gift shop, with books in English.", July 2017
145,5.0,Fabulous  place for images,"The museum itself has a typical local culture exibits. Not too many and not that interesting but the complex building stands out of what you ve seen before in far east. manly strong but elegant architecture, powerful, imposition of tradition leave an Impressive affect on", September 2016
146,4.0,Interesting Museum,There are a lot of Korean artifacts at this Museum. Great to see the development of Korean culture. Should visit at least once., July 2017
147,4.0,"Grand entrance, modest exhibit",This is located next to Gyeongbokgung Palace so you might want to stroll through this museum. The exhibits are relatively modest compared to the exterior appearance. What I found interesting is the small outdoor exhibit just next to the museum. It is a small recreation of a, July 2017
148,5.0,A good way to learn more,"We've visited part of the main Museum, and also the kid's part where the traditional story tails are told with funny activities.", July 2017
149,5.0,Step back in time,You can see the main building whilst walking around Gyeongbokgung Palace (which is a must see place) and it pulls at the inquisitive part of your mind.  I happened to visit as a festival was happening so i saw lots of role play and craft stalls.   The museum is averages sized, September 2016
150,4.0,Travel back in time...,"This museum is the closest you will get to a time-travel machine. It's a must-see museum which is conveniently located next to the Gyeongbokgung Palace grounds, and best of all, it's free! The museum has both indoor and outdoor exhibits, both of which are set up to the finest", June 2017
151,4.0,Korean Culture & History,"Right next to Gyeongbokgung Palace, Its The National Folk Museum of Korea. It’s an indoor exhibit. Take your time to understand the Korean History. You will gain more knowledge of another culture in another country. Admission is free.", November 2016
152,5.0,Back in time,This museum takes you how the Koreans live their lives in the past to the present day. You will get to see artefacts from potteries to clothes and books.  Admission is free., June 2017
153,5.0,Sunday visit to the National Folk Museum of Korea,"At Seoul and on a Sunday is worth a short stop, the museum it self is not very large exposition about Korean culture or history but noticed that weekends have several cultural performance shows in front of the main gate", May 2017
154,3.0,Easy to stumble into from the neighbouring palace,"Worth a short stop, but sadly you're not going to learn a huge amount about Korean culture or history that you possibly didn't already know (and that's assuming that you don't know much to begin with). It's well put together with nice-looking artefacts, but is a tad superficial.", May 2017
155,5.0,A great look at Korean life and culture ,We stopped here briefly on a day long guided tour. Our guide left us on our own to explore. Really interesting and would have loved more time to enjoy all the exhibits. There are signs in English so easy to navigate. A very helpful docent saw us trying a Korean language grid and, May 2017
156,3.0,Overcrouded on holidays and weekends.,Free entrance. Overcrouded on holidays and weekends. Could be interesting for families with children. Visit to the National Folk museum could be combined with your visit to Gyeongbokgung Palace.   , May 2017
157,4.0,Traditions through Korea'a History ,"We enjoyed this most out of several sites. Artifacts and glimpses of past traditions from weddings, first birthday, and funerals. Rich in traditions. ", May 2017
158,4.0,Good to see ,It is a part of visit of royal palace. It is also worthy to look around the museum. There are old houses and it looks like old village. , May 2017
159,4.0,Interesting muzeum,"Interesting muzeum where you can find more from Korean history till now, very nice exhibitions and souvenir shop.", May 2017
160,4.0,Nice museum,"This museum contains the displays of Korean traditional life, especially for a palace life. Watching the displays like watching the the historical drama, quite similar, from the wedding life, having children, and the daily life.   The location is in the same area with", April 2017
161,4.0,Great to visit when visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace,We really enjoyed the displays of Korean life. Great displays of what Korean life was like throughout the ages. It is a free entry to the museum and is on the grounds of the Gyeongbokgung Palace. Good place to take a break and learn more about Korean life., April 2017
162,4.0,Nice museum to see,Most interesting museum I been to while I was there. Many displays and exhibitions that are very enriching to see and learn. Learned so much about the culture and I recommend a visit if you planning to go to the Gyeongbokgung palace as the museum is located within the vicinity. , January 2017
163,3.0,Portrays everyday life of Korean people,Scenes of everyday life of the Korean people from the prehistoric to modern times are shown in chronological order., April 2017
164,5.0,Exceeded Expectations,"Free entry (really the only reason I agreed, not having a great deal of enthusiasm for it initially). Really glad we did - plenty to see, lots of photo opportunities and interactive displays. Well worth a visit", April 2017
165,4.0,Small but very good,"There are 3 permanent exhibits here at the museum. They are quite small but it's a very good way to concisely learn about the Korean history, culture and development. We really enjoyed and visited the palace next to it straight after.", April 2017
166,4.0,Small but very nice,I enjoyed looking around this little museum exploring the history of South Korea. It was well laid out and had plenty of exhibits to explain the early history of South Korea. It's free to get in and next door to the palace. , April 2017
167,5.0,Small but enough,"This museum is small but enough to get a feel for Korean culture. The outdoor part is better than the inside part (in my opinion) and contains things such as spirit totem poles, tomb guardians and a faux traditional street scene. Inside the museum are a few galleries that have", April 2017
168,4.0,beautiful n complete place to know south Korea history,close to the gyeonbokgung palace.. actually in one area..  we went there in winter... the weather is nice.. cool with sun rises in the morning..  before entering the museum.. you will pass the beautiful temple.. with snow all over your ground.. beautiful!!   entering the, January 2017
169,4.0,Much to see.,"This place is connected to one of the Palaces and it is actually free.  On the side is the museum with lots of history and a shop to have some coffee, hot chocolate or ice cream and also clean bathrooms.   When you step out you can walk around and it has different exhibition", March 2017
170,4.0,Now about Korea,"If you want to load up on history about Korea and how they live in the ancient times, this is the best place for you to go. It is an indoor exhibit and entrance is already included if you visit Gyeongbokgung Palace. Make sure to spend some time inside and be mindful of other", March 2017
171,4.0,Take your time to understand the History,The museum were just a walking distance from Gyeongbokgung palace. So please make an effort to visit the museum as it will give your the history from 'birth to death'of the people in Korea. Atleast you gain more knowledge of another culture in another country., March 2017
172,4.0,Great place,They have two sections. . The out door and indoor sections..  When in Gyeongbok palace u must visit this place as well..  They didnt take any entrance fee when u enter from the palace side. .  The out door section was better tha the indoors gallery  The have children gallery, March 2017
173,4.0,Worth the visit,"Just walking distance from the Gyeongbokgung Palace, free entrance to the National Folk Museum where you can view Historical Korean artifacts at no additional cost! Just make sure to keep your ticket and present it so you can go back and enter Gyeongbokgung Palace if needed.", March 2017
174,3.0,Good to visit if you're a museum person,"I came here as part of the Gyeongbokgung Palace tour. I am not the ""museum-ish"" kind of person but it was helpful to see the different artifacts and read descriptions here and there.   If you're more of the outdoor kind of person, I'd recommend going to the folk villages instead", November 2016
175,5.0,Korean history at its best,"Visited on a Monday free entry, and so many exhibits of interest to wander around and admire. Model villages and traditional costumes on display made this a very enjoyable experience.", March 2017
176,4.0,Good museum to see the Korean Folk,"The museum is far away from the city, but we can get in here by using the bus or taxi. There a place, how the folks makes the kimchi as a traditional appetizers and etc", April 2016
177,4.0,Hints on this place,1) Open (spring) 9:00–18:00. No holidays — it's open every day.  2) Free admission. 3) Don't forget to visit outdoor exposition! Small folk village and a street of 70-80 of the XX century. 4) Good cafe. If it's cold outside I recommend you my favourite Honey and Ginger tea. It's, March 2017
178,4.0,Very educational,"The Admission: FREE Admission  The Museum: It showcase the historical living conditions of Koreans in the olden times.   There are outdoor model house/shops. There is also indoor museum with more display & exhibit.   The Location: Subway Line 3, Gyeongbokgung Station, Exit 5", October 2016
179,4.0,Very good museum,Visited the museum one Saturday .. a very interesting and educational place to visit..enjoyed looking at the display .. makes us of modern technology.. with seats  to take some rest, February 2017
180,4.0,Wonderful ,"So many things you can see from the history of Korea right in front of you. Internet available and you can find explanations about the items in your phone. The only thing I didn't like was that there were too many replicas, I thought I would be seeing only original ", February 2017
181,5.0,Folk,Really nice museum! Admission is free. Close to Anguk St. The tower/pyramid shaped temple is kinda iconic among buildings/architectures in Seoul, February 2017
182,4.0,Korean culture ,Inside gyeongbokgung palace large museum and nice to visit. History about korean culture spend 1 hour to visit there., August 2016
183,5.0,Very Interesting,This is a must if you are interested in history and the land you are visiting. Give it at least a couple of hours., April 2016
184,5.0,learn about Korean culture and enjoy the displays (English text),"you would have to spend a fair amount of time here to see it all, but even if you limited your  time here, visit at least one of the 3 exhibition halls. The museum is on the palace grounds.", January 2017
185,4.0,Not as good as National History ,"I came in here after visiting the Korean National History museum and the 2 almost step on each others toes. But the national was far better organised, easier to follow round and more English. If you don't get to the National then this is OK.  What pushed up the stars for me was", January 2017
186,4.0,Visit to National Folk Museum of Korea,"The museum is a comprehensive history of the culture and customs of Korea.  One could spend a couple of days there to view every exhibit in detail, and a minimum visit should be for at least four hours to do it justice.", June 2016
187,4.0,History of korea,"History of korean, large museum, this descripe about korean habits and cultures, impressive history, must come of you want to know about korean", January 2017
188,4.0,Well organized ,Found the museum to be well organized and easy to move through. The exhibits were marked well in multiple languages and spaced apart well. I had visited the Korean Folk Village first so some of the exhibits were duplicated. , January 2017
189,3.0,THE NIGHT IN THE MEUSEUM ? NO..... THE DAY IN ...during winter,"Take this lightly.....  an ordinary first time visitor may have found it OK,, you can make photo, back home you can show to friends, proving you have visited it...  However this is a tourist attraction that any traveler would have considered at least once to visit it  Get to", December 2016
190,5.0,excellent free museum,"We were going through the Gyeongbokgung Palace when we came across the National Folk Museum of Korea. Especially during a cold winter day, it was fun to go in and see the exhibits. The free admission made it even better!", December 2016
191,3.0,Not Bad,Nice Museum to visit to learn about the history of South Korea. Spend about 1 and a half hour in the museum and have an eye opener here!, December 2016
192,5.0,Should visit,"Very informative museum about Korean history like the clothes, culture and etc. There was also a children's museum but i didn't get to visit as they had time slots.", December 2016
193,4.0,NICE MUSEUM,This place  has nice exhbits with history.  You can find the entrance by and inside Gyeongbokgung palace.  The best thing is that it is free.  They have many interesting exhibits and it is worth a visit.  Lots of information.    there is also a part of the museum that is outside, October 2016
194,4.0,Go while visiting Gyeongbokgung,"This museum is accessible from inside the Gyeongbokgung palace complex, and is free. It's definitely worth a visit. To be honest, if there's anything wrong with it, it's that there is TOO much information. It basically tells the entire history of the Korean people and their", December 2016
