,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Interesting Language Museum,"My husband, son and I visited Seoul for a week and took in the National Hangeul Museum which is devoted to Hangeul, the Korean Language. My son has always loved languages and works in Taiwan as an English teacher, so this Museum was right up his alley.  There wasn't a lot of", January 2020
1,5.0,For all lovers of language,"As someone who teaches English as a second language, I was particularly taken with this museum. Imagine, a whole museum devoted to the birth of a written language -- originally Hunminjeongeum, now just Hangeul -- for the Korean people. Just the place for language nerds, or for anyone actually interested in how cultures -- and the people who influence those cultures -- adapt to changing times.", December 2019
2,5.0,"Very, very interesting museum",, August 2019
3,3.0,Nice But Difficult,"We included this museum on our visit list with the hopes of learning more about the Korean language origins and use.  The introductory video welcoming visitors was quite interesting about how the language was created by a king for the Korean people.  We saw lots of well organized displays, however, it was a little difficult for us to understand their context as they were mainly presented in Korean.  We did find the interactive computer room the most helpful with one teaching how to properly write Hangul and another allowed us to create a selfie with the Hangul characters.  We spent less than one hour here and was a bit disappointed with the outcome for us.", June 2019
4,4.0,Fun and educational ,"I visited the National Hangeul Museum just last week and enjoyed the visit, to say the least. It was fun and informative- I liked the video room where I watched the few minute long historical video and enjoyed strolling through the main floor exhibits and rooms. Found them informative. I also like the Discovery Hall where we played with Korean consonants and vowels to find sounds and make words. It was like being in kindergarten again, a korean kindergarten. I think it’s worth a visit if you interested in Korean language and culture, and especially if you live in Korea. The Museum I’m in the same grounds as the National Museum of Korea, just on the other side of the Yongsan Family Park. Hurry, if you want to see some beautiful blossoms next to the museum.", March 2019
5,3.0,Worth a sort stop,"The exhibits are very well done, visually stimulating and informative. It is a small museum so suggest you plan this as a side trip immediately before or after the National Museum (which is awesome!) which is right next door.", February 2019
6,4.0,Really Interesting For Anyone Learning Hanguel,, February 2019
7,5.0,Worth Seeing!,About 5 mins walk from National Museum of Korea. Korean people are very proud of their language.  The writing system called Hangeul was invited in the 15th century and is considered one of the most phonologically faithful writing systems in use today., February 2019
8,3.0,Interesting if you understand Korean,"It is a really beautiful museum and relatively small museum, which will take about 1 hour to go through. It teaches about Hangeul, the Korean writing system. You can learn about history, usage, and a lot more. However, most of the Information is provided in Korean only. A few texts have been translated, which makes it still worth going there, but it will only briefly explain.", January 2019
9,4.0,Worth a visit if you want to get an insight of the Korean language and culture,, October 2018
10,4.0,"If You're Learning Korean or Enjoy Languages, Visit this Museum!",, June 2018
11,3.0,Tells you all about the Korea Language,"National Hangeul Museum is a small place next to the National Museum of Korea. It is about 5 min walk. It tells you all about the Korea Language in a short time. However, some of the exhibits is in Korean only.", August 2017
12,2.0,Only good for Koreans,, October 2017
13,5.0,Never seen anything like it,This museum is dedicated to the Korean language.  This is the only place I have been where the language of a Nation gets it's own museum.  Quite interesting and worth the time.  Conveniently located near the Korean history museum., October 2017
14,4.0,This is my first time to visit a country with a museum dedicated to its national language. Impressive indeed.,The National Hangeul Museum is a wise investment made by South Korea. I observed a lot of Korean families with their children getting them exposed to the origin of their language. They even have a separate building to serve as Family Lounge. The surrounding landscape is also well maintained., July 2017
15,5.0,Great History Lesson,, June 2017
16,3.0,"Pleasant, clean, modern museum but not very engaging displays","Recently I spent about 90 minutes browsing the Hangeul museum. Though the building and interior of the museum are very impressive, clean, modern and pleasant I thought the museum content could have been presented better to English speakers. Though I'm very interested in Korean culture and the alphabet/language, I thought the museum exhibits were quite boring and uninformative. Both the permanent and special exhibits had very little signage in English. Also, I opted to take the English audio tour on a headset, but it wasn't very helpful because very few displays were included in the recording. I will likely return to the museum after I've made progress learning to read Hangul and hope to have a better experience then. I was asked by the staff to complete a survey for foreigners after my visit, so it's nice to know the museum is open to suggestions. Otherwise, I enjoyed the ambience of the museum and thought the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Finally, I would recommend the museum to people with children ages 3 to 9, as there is a very nice children's section of the museum with an indoor playground and cute activities.", May 2017
17,4.0,Interesting museum ,"This is a interesting museum well worth a visit whilst visiting The National Museum of Korea. It is located next door and gives  you and insight into the origin and fundamentals of the Hangeul script.  Many of the displays and videos have English explanations.  Unfortunately, most information sheets that are free to take have no English explanation but don't let that deter you.", April 2017
18,3.0,The Korean language ,This museum will only interest you if you speak Korean or are interested in the Korean language. Free to enter. The first floor has the history of the language with a small display on the second floor on the use of the language in advertising., January 2017
19,4.0,Korean language,Small museum but nice facilities. Entrance is free. English tours on Wednesdays at 1 pm. Educational, December 2016
20,4.0,Surprisingly educational,"This museum is dedicated to the Korean language and the written script of Hangeul.  As a non-Hangeul speaker, I found this museum to be surprisingly educational.  I learned a lot about written script and sound placement.  This museum is free to the public.", November 2016
21,3.0,Interesting ,, November 2015
22,3.0,A Quick Visit,"I visited with my niece as she is learning Korean in advance of moving here.  She found the museum fascinating and it made lots of sense to her.  For me with no knowledge of Korean it was slightly boring.  Only the basics was given in English so I didn't really learn a lot.  If you have the interest go, as it is on the grounds of the Korean National Museum you can fit it into your itinerary easily.", June 2016
23,3.0,Museum about Korean Language,, May 2016
24,3.0,It's just next to the National Museum of Korea,I went to the National Hangeul Museum just because it is next to the National Museum of Korea.I don't know Korean language but it is worth the visit because this museum is about the Korean syllabals and stuff., February 2016
25,4.0,Language as art,"If you are familiar with Kufric being more about beautiful writing with meaning perhaps a bit secondary, then you would understand this elegantly displayed museum.", November 2015
26,5.0,A real gem!,"The National Hangeul Museum, which just opened in September 2014, is a gem all around.  The building is grand, sitting atop a long staircase, which is accompanied by a covered escalator.  The landscaping is also beautiful.  However the best part is the exhibit, which is excellent showing the evolution of Hangeul, the Korean alphabet.  The origin of this alphabet is unique in that King Sejong created it in 1443 so all his people, even commoners, could easily learn to read and write.  The alphabet was devised for this purpose and it is remarkable that a king would care about his people so much.  For non-Korean speaking people it is recommended to read up on Hangeul since it is a much admired alphabet by linguists all over the world.  There is only a sentence in English for each display but it is readily easy to follow.  Guided tours in English, Chinese and Japanese are available, though. The museum itself is beautiful to explore.", October 2015
27,5.0,Interesting place if you love learning about Languages,At first I was a bit skeptical about going here but my friend was really keen on going so we went. I must admit I was really surprised about how well everything was presented and the tour guide was really helpful. They run free tours so check out the times, June 2015
28,4.0,So fun if you are learning Korean,"It is basically a children's museum but since I have been taking Korean, it was fun to learn more about the creation of the characters. It wasn't that interesting for my mom but she did enjoy the gift shop. It is free and near the National Museum so if you have time it is worth a look.", June 2015
29,5.0,"A real gem of a museum, I'll visit again","This museum is devoted to the development and use of the written form of Korean--Hangul.  They spell it differently but in Korean it is the same thing.  In the distant past the Korean people spoke one way, but used Chinese writing to represent their words--an imprecise mode of communication.  The educated part of society spent much of their life sitting inside studying, the uneducated comprised the majority of society.  King Sejong, in the 1400s directed his court to solve that problem.  His scholars constructed a language that is comprised on circles, lines, and squares (there was a triangle, but no longer in use).  It is possible to replicate most if not all of the sounds of other languages using Hangul.  It is easy and fast to learn- this museum is a great place to start if somebody is interested.  The focus is towards children in about half the museum, but the displays of the transition from Chinese to Hangul and the displays of moveable type (invented here, but not publicized) are fascinating.  The development of Hangul in the internet age is also covered.  There are several art installations that are beautiful and non-traditional.  A museum dedicated to a form of text and the recognition that accessibility of text made possible all the awesomeness that is today is truly a special place.  The section on linguistic differences between North and South Korea is noteworthy, but some of the exhibitions are long on Korean with spare English.  If you read Korean- it will be fine, without, use the audio headset.  The docents were so cute teaching small groups of kids.  I am adding this place to my itinerary for my next guests.", February 2015
