,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Must see for every visitor to Seoul,It's easy to understand why this museum is one of the top visited museums in the world. The exhibits immerse visitors into the arts of the entire history of this country. Additional exhibits show the arts of the rest of Asia. These exhibits are newly installed and are very, February 2020
1,5.0,World Class Museum!,This museum is fantastic! I was very impressed by how rich and well-organized the museum is! The staff is wonderful! There are some robots that guide you and explain some of the most important treasures! The pieces are well-labelled. The museum is very well-curated. There are, September 2019
2,5.0,A wonderful Museum....Free admission!,"I think it's awesome when a Museum offers free admission, especially to International travelers who can then learn all about a Country's Culture. My husband, son and I spent a week in Seoul, our very first trip to South Korea and visited the National Museum of Korea on our", January 2020
3,4.0,A well laid out tour through Korean history,"It helps if you read up on the basics of Korean history before you visit the museum, because it's a complicated story of multiple competing kingdoms rising and falling while simultaneously trying to fend off the Japanese and invaders from China. Fortunately, the museum explains", November 2019
4,5.0,An Exquisite and Informative Place.,"First of all the museum has 3 conveniently located Metro lines beneath its structure which will literally commute to and from anywhere within Seoul. The architecture as you will see in my pictures is superb and massive, very clean in the lines and overall well thought through", January 2020
5,5.0,must visit museum,one of the best museums in Seoul.  Very easy to find get off at Ichon Subway stop on the blue line three stops from Seoul Station. the exhibits are constantly changing and they occasionally have international exhibits - I saw the hermitage exhibit and the Muesum d'Olreans Paris, December 2019
6,5.0,Very interesting,We went here by their hop in and hop off bus. The view is amazing and great! You will learn alot from their culture and history, November 2019
7,5.0,Outstanding museum ,"This museum is worth a visit both for the amazing building and the collections. The building is grandiose and the exhibition rooms are well designed. Everything is translated into English making it easy to navigate. The collections are remarkable, with the main focus being on", January 2020
8,5.0,Tiring but worth it,"This museum is a must visit if you are a history nerd, or you're just interested in learning about our past and ancestors. It is not only about Korea as the 3rd floor is the 'world' history section where if includes historical facts and artifacts from India, rest of Asia, Egypt", January 2020
9,5.0,Free museum of Korean culture and history,"It’s close by all the palace and ancient village of Bukchon Hanok.  Best of all, it’s free for all!?  There is a comprehensive display and exhibits of korean history and culture and how people used to live.  There were vivid and creative displays in for of real water fall and", January 2020
10,2.0,A bit disappointing ,"It is Korea’s National museum and it’s a nice building with a few genuine national treasures, but it falls a bit flat.  It seems too sparse and many of the English descriptions are poorly done or entirely absent.  It also does not flow well and there were only a few really", November 2019
11,5.0,Interesting museum,We visited to this museum in the morning so we had a chance to catch the English speaking guided tour. It was interesting and even outside of the museum there are lots of things to explore., November 2019
12,5.0,Beautiful museum ,We came here after visiting the Korean War Museum so we were pretty tired and still very jet lagged. This is a beautiful museum and I wish we would have taken more time to explore but we were just so exhausted! Worth seeing still. , December 2019
13,5.0,Very informative,This is attached to the National Museum of Korea - didn't realise it was actually two different listings.... We spent just on 2 hours here combined and didn't even do a tour (missed the english guide by 10mins).  Lots of information and plenty to explore outside.  , October 2019
14,5.0,One of the great museum,"Easy to get to the museum. (next to Gyeongbokkung museum) At the time I visited, there was a small number of visitors. But the permanent exhibitions were all open. The exhibitions were interested and well displayed.  A good place to visit.", October 2019
15,5.0,National Museum of Korea,"In my opinion, I would place this museum in a world class category.  It is a magnificent structure that holds precious artifacts, historical documents and all else related to Korean cultural and history.  This is my second visit to this museum.  The first visit I attempted to", November 2019
16,5.0,Large collection of artefacts showing Korean history from pre-history to modern times.,"The National Museum of Korea is located in a park not far from Yongsan Station. During my stay the museum was very quiet with a small number of visitors. Some space was closed for preparation of a themed exposition, the permanent exhibition was all open. It is worth spending", November 2019
17,5.0,let you guide by a guide in the Museum,"I had one day off and went to the amazing National Korean Museum , a very, very  large building which is similar to Musee d?Orsay in Paris, a lot of space. There I had a guide, it seems a lecturer from a university, he had a really broad knowledge.  Okay his English needed", November 2019
18,5.0,"Great little museum, and free! ","This museum is adjacent to the Gyeongbokung Palace, so it's very convenient to visit. There's a cafe in the basement for light refreshments. A comprehensive display of the Joseon Dynasty that lasted for 5 centuries. A pleasant way to spend an afternoon. ", October 2019
19,5.0,Excellent place to visit,Wonderful place to visit. Worthwhile experience. Very well explained exhibits and easy to follow explanations, October 2019
20,5.0,Very good & informative visit,"Sadly the app crashed and lost my review  - good for kids - Timed, free entry for the kids museum, geared for 7 & under but no age limit. - free entry to the permanent exhibit - plenty of parking  Recommend! ", November 2019
21,5.0,Definitely worth a visit. FREE admission!,One can easily spend a whole day here.  The museum is well planned and layed out.  The displays are well lit and presented with excellent information.  The main exhibition areas are free (charge for special exhibits) and there are places to eat (museum cafe and museum cafe, November 2019
22,4.0,"Interesting museum, great restaurant and affordable souvenirs",This national museum has an interesting selection of exhibits and isn't so big that you get 'gallery fatigue' when you're only halfway through. The restaurant is good for traditional Korean food at a reasonable price and I found the gifts in the museum shop were attractive and, September 2019
23,5.0,A world class museum,"You can divide museums into great, and not great.  The great museums then can be divided into worth a return visit, and not worth one.  The National Museum of Korea is a great museum that is unquestionably worth return visits.  First the architecture: a large building divided", October 2019
24,5.0,Remarkable place to learn history of Korea,"The main building offerred free admission but don't miss special exhibitions at the library building (with extra fee which was worth the visit). I felt obliged as it was great enough to spend some money to support it. So, I bought some souvenir from the museum shop :) Easy to go", October 2019
25,5.0,Beautiful history ,We visited the museum while staying in Seoul.  It is very well laid out and the displays are simply beautiful.  Amazing that so much history has been preserved and acquired for people to see. Was particularly pleased to see so many school groups there., October 2019
26,5.0,Thoroughly recommended,So impressive how the museum is organised - you almost feel how it was like to live in ancient times.  Need at least a day to do it justice......, October 2019
27,5.0,A Beautiful Way to Spend an Entire Afternoon.,"My wife and I spent a lovely afternoon browsing through both the paid exhibitions (""The Etruscans-Rising to Rome"" and ""Through the Eyes of Joseon Painters"") and the first couple of floors of their free exhibitions.  The hours just went by as we strolled through the many", October 2019
28,5.0,Ideal place for ones who love to learn about history and culture,The national museum is a must-visit when you are in a country. This is big so you need about 2 or 3 hours to discover., September 2019
29,4.0,A nice museum,"This museum has many different Korean artifacts and artworks. The first floor focuses on pre-modern and early-modern history in Korea (though no modern history section). The second floor focuses on calligraphy and artworks, while the third floor is mostly porcelain pots. I would", October 2019
30,5.0,Amazing museum,"This museum was amazing, the building itself is beautiful and there are many interesting exhibits, which helped us to learn more about Korean history. Lots of information in English, and very useful leaflets guiding visitors to key exhibits.", October 2019
31,5.0,All about korean,"Puré culture, learning experience for all of us, bisedes, an special exhibition from europe, estrucos Was there", October 2019
32,5.0,History of Korea Before your Eyes,"If you have time, you should go to the museum.  You can walk through the history of Korea, and depending on what's being shown, travelling items can be seen as well. They had the ""landscape"" painting exhibit when we went.  They were also showing the Etruscan stuff - which we", September 2019
33,5.0,Great for a rainy day,The museum is quite big and have many interesting exhibitions. Recommended for a family trip or for a rainy day., November 2018
34,5.0,A must see in Seoul,A great place for museum lovers or those with a genuine interest in Korean history. The museum is housed in an imposing building surrounded by beautiful grounds. Entry is free to the permanent exhibitions. We were fortunate to arrive on a day where there was free entry to the, October 2019
35,5.0,Beautiful Museum,"Spent 4-5 hours here on a rainy day on my most recent trip to Seoul and still did not cover the entire museum. It's a beautiful space and highly recommend spending a half day (or more if you can) exploring. The grounds around the museum are beautiful as well, wish it had not", September 2019
36,5.0,Museum ,Great museum and best of all it's free! Extensive Asian collection. They even have little robots for help if needed. Worth a day no matter the weather!, September 2019
37,5.0,Excellent,Really impressive building with a wonderful and accessible collection. Could spend a few hours or days there!, September 2019
38,5.0,This Museum is not boring,"Well organized, nice exhibition in a vibrant building. It is not ovecrowded even on a rainy day. Free entry is a plus.", October 2019
39,5.0,Beautiful Museum,"Easy to access from metro line 4 (Ichon station exit 2) or bus (#502 or #400) this museum is well worth the visit.  General entry is free (M/Tu/Th/F 1000-1800, Wed/Sat 1000-2100, Sun/Holidays 1000-1900 - closed Jan 1, Seollal, and Chuseok) and they offer guided tours in Korean,", September 2019
40,5.0,Truly world class,I'm truly surprised by the number of museums and galleries in Seoul. The National Museum of Korea is a gem and a must see.  The building is large an spacious with exhibited being well laid out. I've only managed to see less than 30% before it closed. I will be back again. I, September 2019
41,4.0,Excellent museum,"We needed more time to take in all the history and artifacts this museum has to offer. We were not given long enough to take it all in, but learned a lot in the time we had.Definitely worth a visit.", September 2019
42,5.0,Worthwhile for History Buffs!,"You could probably spend an entire day here, if not more! This is one of the biggest museums I've ever visited, but it's beautiful. It's very well curated as well. Keep in mind that unless Korean and Asian history is something of interest to you, this may not be your thing. As", May 2019
43,4.0,nice museum with interesting historical exhibits,nice museum with interesting historical exhibits.. nice to visit and learn about the past of this culture but also because of the cultural open air events, September 2019
44,4.0,A nice Museum,"If, like myself  you are not a great lover of large rambling 19th Century Museums, crammed with thousands of artefacts over umpteen floors and galleries , this is one for you! It's modern, it's light, it's airy and is just one long building with just 3 levels with a very", August 2019
45,4.0,Nice place with good AC,"It was a muggy day when we visited as it’s been raining on and off.   As part of the tour, we went through it within an hour. Could easily spend half a day if you’re into history and artifacts", September 2019
46,5.0,Will require some interest in historical art,"If you are into understanding and experiencing the evolution of Art, calligraphy and sculpting, this is a must do. If not, you’d better skip it. Very detailed collections of multiple era’s within the Korean geography. Surprisingly well kept. Especially the calligraphy from stone", September 2019
47,4.0,Simply awesome,"This museum is big, and I mean big. There is so much to see within its walls that make sure you reserve more than one hour if you really want to focus on all of it. Sadly, as in every museum in Korea, Korean nationalism has embellished some of the history and left the nasty", April 2019
48,5.0,Fabulous story of Korea,We love to visit National Museums when we have the opportunity. With only 2 days in Seoul we had to choose carefully how to spend our time. We are so happy that we began our first day at the National Museum of Korea. The displays were nicely presented with narrative in English, August 2019
49,5.0,cultural icons,"For history and historical art lovers. A huge collection of Korean sculpture, furniture, calligraphy, painting.... impossible to see all in 1 day.", July 2019
50,4.0,A look back in time,We love to learn about the countries we visit and the museum was a great way to do that. It feels wide open and uncluttered and is easy to get around. The gardens outside are beautiful and not to be missed. We didn’t eat here as it seemed expensive (like all museums) so bring, June 2019
51,5.0,A Random Walk Through the Korean Ages,"There are three great cultures in East Asia: Chinese, Korean, and Japanese.  For at least the last two millennia, Chinese cultural influences radiated out to both Korea and (via Korea) to Japan.  Westerners sometimes dismiss Korean art as imitative, but that’s not true.  You", August 2019
52,5.0,National Museum of Korea,Nice place to explore!  This large area with many historical things is great for knowing better korean history., July 2019
53,5.0,Very impressive museum building,We had allowed a few hours to look around but you could easily spend a day in here if you wanted to take in every exhibit in the permanent exhibition and then the rest of the complex. There are three floors in the permanent exhibit and we ended up having to skip the entirety of, April 2019
54,5.0,A great overview of Korean history,"If you love museums and history, this is the place to go to. The place is new, massive, and has a great collection of Korean history. There are highlights of the collection, as it will probably take you more than a day to go through in detail through the entire collection.", August 2019
55,5.0,Best layout of museums,We always go to the museum of the country we visit and this one was particularly good. The layout was amazing and seamless from one period to another. The space between exhibits were large so you won't feel crowded at all. There were plenty to see and read. We arrived 1 hour, July 2019
56,5.0,The history of Korea from ancient times to the present day.,"Large, interesting exposition. A lot of information about the history of Korea, the royal dynasties, the life of the common people, crafts and traditions. Highly recommend! All national museums in Korea are free.", July 2019
57,5.0,Book several hours for this museum ,"Very interesting museum. Tons of information and details. Great place to learn more about Korean history. I was jet lagged so could not fully enjoy this place. But I recommend to plan at least 2-3 hours to explore. In addition there is an amazing space in front of the entrance,", August 2019
58,5.0,Lovely museum full of interesting history.,"I'm not sure if it's free for everyone, but it was free for us as part of the tour and it was a decent hour or so we spent in there. Very interesting to learn about the creation of the Korean writing system and more about Korean history that I didn't know. Useful going into my", July 2019
59,5.0,National Gem Not To Be Missed,If time allows only one museum choose this one. Its free and hours vary depending on the day of the week. Look online at the official website. Skip the guided tour. English hard to understand and 1 hour spent on 10 items. Allow 3 hours plus time for any special exhibits., August 2019
60,2.0,Dont bother if you dont have extra time,"Building itself is impressive. Exhibition boring and way too large, feels like you have seen these same green vases so many time. Seems to be popular amoung school groups. Children running around and acoustics make place noisy . ", July 2019
61,4.0,Amazing,Free and worth visiting with Korean Dynasties and cultures.I luv the small cafeteria inside very clean and polite staffs , July 2019
62,5.0,Enlightening,"Beautiful place, tastefully designed to remember and educate. It was quite emotional but very deserving. Learn and never forget!", July 2019
63,5.0,Fantastic,A great insight into Korean history.  It has a wonderful display of ceramics.  We had lunch at the restaurant which was delicious.  A must see place to visit in Seoul., July 2019
64,5.0,Big museum with a well-spread of information about Korean history.,The museum is big and has lots of interesting rooms with history of Korea. There is quite a great view of the N Seoul Tower from there and they have shops where you can buy souvenirs related to the antiques that you will see in the museum. I went to the museum on the weekend and, June 2019
65,5.0,Great place to learn about the Shilla People,After visting the site of thombs  and their contents at the Gyeongju Ancient Tomb Complex we when to the  musuem to gain more knowledhe of the Shilla People.The displays wete excellent and had descritions in English. Excellent!, July 2019
66,5.0,A must stop for the curious and well informed,We have been to this museum on two seperate visits . it is well done and explains th rich history of Korea. It is easier to understand the culture with a history lesson from the museum. , June 2019
67,5.0,Very good & informative visit,"Sadly the app crashed and lost my review  - good for kids - Timed, free entry for the kids museum, geared for 7 & under - traveling Happy inside exhibit was great!  Recommend! ", July 2019
68,5.0,A must visit.,"If you are visiting Seoul, there are three places that is must in my opinion. Gyeounbokgung palace, National Museum of Korea, and The War Memorial of Korea are the three, The first two will provide visitors with the sense of Korean culture, history, and the language that is", July 2019
69,5.0,"It’s free and has a beautiful, large park!","It may not be quite as interesting as the War Museum (the best free museum in Korea), but it does get the silver medal. Great way to spend a few hours out of the sun or rain and when the weather is right, enjoy the large park outside. In fact the park is superb... mini-rivers", July 2019
70,5.0,Must see,"I went there a few times and I really like it. They have a huge collection, including lots of porcelain. The museum itself is very spacious so be prepared for at least 2 hours of visiting. There’s a small park - like right outside the museum. And the entrance is free of charge. ", April 2019
71,4.0,Amazing place.,"Love the exhibits, the architecture and facilities at this museum. Please allocate ample time for this place, and do not skip the park.", June 2019
72,5.0,Great museum for visitors and residents,"Visitors to Korea will love the extensive collection of Korean treasures, many of which have decent labels in English. (Something hard to find in Korea.) As a resident of Korea, I love that this museum gets special exhibits (like the ""Golden Man"" from Kazakhstan last year) and", June 2019
73,5.0,Full of Suprises,If you want to learn about Korea and its extraordinary history go to this Museum. My family and I loved it! Please try the cafe on the ground floor-beautiful!, June 2019
74,4.0,Beautiful museum,"What a beautiful museum, and it is located within a short stroll of a subway station. Even though I am not well informed as to Asian history and artifacts, the museum is definitely worth a stroll -- and since admission is free, there is little risk for the benefit of expanding", June 2019
75,5.0,Wonderful Museum - well worth a visit,"Beautiful Museum with excellent displays of Korean Culture and History.  Admission is free, and it can be accessed either through the Palace grounds or a separate entrance.  Take the time to tour and visit.", October 2018
76,5.0,Learn and free admission,I love this museum you will learn and appreciate korean culture and history It displayed Other south east asian countries artifacts Free admission Has 3 floors and an indoor activity, June 2019
77,5.0,Just fantastic,We are great fans of museums. This being said this Seoul museum is at the top of the pile. We usually. Is it from the top down ( fewer people do the upper ranges) and only completed the 2nd and 3rd floors in 3 hours. Th displays are well thought. Our highlight of a 7 stay in, June 2019
78,5.0,Spectacularly beautiful museum,"Was able to spend two hours here and wished we could have stayed all day. Not only are the exhibits fascinating, but the building itself is very beautiful. The architecture is modern and sleek, but not in a brutalist unfriendly way. The lighting inside the building was amazing,", June 2019
79,4.0,So Much History For One Day,"The National Palace Museum was housed in a massive building and was quite impressive as we walked towards it.  The opening in the center framed a view of Seoul Tower in the distance.  Outside in the sprawling park were various ancient lanterns, restaurants, a bell and a large", June 2019
80,4.0,"Impressive building, interesting collections",It's a 40 minutes ride on the subway south from Insadong including a 10 minute underground walk from the stop to the main entrance.  The vast building is impressive with great views of the Seoul Tower. The collections inside are excellent and well laid out. , November 2018
81,4.0,Early Morning Stroll,I took an early morning subway ride to this place knowing that the Museum has an expansive grounds to stroll.  Arrived 9AM and had a leisurely stroll around.  Note that there are people jogging and they have small trails winding around pagodas and meditation nooks.  It was so, May 2019
82,4.0,I really enjoyed this museum,This is a great museum. 1) its free 2) the grounds are beautiful 3) the museum store has very inexpensive and nice museum gifts 4) lockers for your stuff 5) many nice artifacts from Korea and other Asian areas. We did not go to any of the special exhibits as we were a bit short, May 2019
83,2.0,Staid and underwhelming ,"Possitives : N o doubt the museum's contemporary architecture is both modern and impressive and is set in very attractive gardens.  The facilities are very adequate, there is free entry and the staff are pleasant and helpful.   Negative: For such a modern, national", May 2019
84,5.0,Extensive Exhibit of Asian Artifacts,The museum is easily accessibly via the Seoul Metro. The grounds are beautiful with several restaurants and many places to sit and relax. There was no admission charge but there were charges for some special exhibits. This is a large museum and is well laid out with exhibits, May 2019
85,4.0,Good way to know some Koran Culture,It is a bit surprising that there are many artifacts are relating to Buddhism including the multimedia shown how a marvelous shrine was shaped without a nail in ancient time. The engineering in their past few hundreds years ago was astonishing. It made me feel closed to Asia and, May 2019
86,3.0,Concrete over nature,"We were not able to enter the museum because we used up all our time playing outside and around the place. Although the building shouts CONCRETE, the setting is serene with nice pocket spots.  There were pine trees that dropped lots of miniature pine cones that my little", May 2019
87,5.0,Worth the trip,Free!  Large collection of artifacts and free tours.  If you don’t have time or just don’t to do a tour download the free app for a self guided tour., May 2019
88,5.0,Wonderful Museum!,"We spent about 2 hours at the museum, though you can easily spend a lot more time. We did not do the audio tour, but we did do a guide tour (in English) that lasted about an hour and highlighted some of the National Treasures in the museum.  The guide spoke very good English and", March 2019
89,5.0,Can spend a day here!,"An amazing collection or series of collections. It is well layed out asy access and all have English desriotions. Pick up a guide and headphone set, worth it.", April 2019
90,3.0,Worth to go but slight disappointment,"We were told it is one of the best and had pretty high expectations. It was not so systemic as we expected. But at the same time, it gives some overview of Korean culture and history.", May 2019
91,3.0,wonderful architecture,The National Museum of Korea has a great amount of exhibits about the korean history. Even though the museum is free of charge and offers an app to get english explanations about some of the exhibits on your one cell phone not everything is explained. If you are not very, May 2019
92,5.0,Great Place in Seoul,"This was a great, free, way to spend a few hours while in Seoul. Easy access from the subway. Lot of good information and most descriptions on items/exhibitions are also in English, which was super nice. Plenty of places to rest inside and also had food options. Overall, great", May 2019
93,5.0,Korean culture,"This is a beautiful place to visit when you come to Korea, know more about the culture of this county. Nice to visit", April 2019
94,5.0,This museum shows the high respect South Koreans have for their history,From the elegant building itself to the depth of the collections to the attention to guest comfort - this is a world class museum.  The displays (all with English signage) provide a sampler of the history and culture of South Korea.  There are several places to eat both inside, April 2019
95,5.0,Best,When you stay in South Korea you need to visit this museum... it is really interesting and you will be satisfied for what you paid, October 2018
96,4.0,Must Do for First Time Visitors to Korea,"This is a huge museum that tells the story of Korea extremely well. It has a wide range of artifacts dating back thousands of years, but also extending into the modern era. Plan on several hours at the minimum. ", February 2019
97,5.0,An excellent window to the history of Korea.,"The place is highly recommended for a must visit, if you are in Seoul. You can reach here by Metro. Figure out your nearest metro station and reach here. You may have to walk a bit though.", April 2019
98,4.0,Interesting,Such a nice spacious museum. Lots of artefacts/ statues/ some furniture. Wish there was more artwork. Very clean facilities. , March 2019
99,5.0,Dodge the School Groups,"This might be one to split into a few visits, as it's overwhelmingly large. Pick a few areas which strike you and dive in, then enjoy what's nearby. ", June 2018
100,2.0,It’s free for a reason ,"The museum is in a wonderful modern complex with a huge building housing some artefacts from various ages.   I’ll be honest, I like a museum  but this one didn’t do it for me. I felt they struggled to fill it and what they had was interesting but nothing special.", April 2019
101,4.0,Large Museum ,Took advantage of the free English speaking guide. She was knowledgeable and interesting but had an extremely soft voice so it was difficult to hear. Lovely building and interesting exhibits. Easy to get to on the Metro and well worth a visit., April 2019
102,5.0,Good for a picnic as well,"The museum with the most heritages in Korea. With amazing flower gardens and huge pond, it's good for a picnic as well as history learning.  - As everyone knows, the entrance is free except special exhibitions. - I was surprise to see it opens seven days a week. - The varieties", April 2019
103,4.0,Impressive Museum,"This museum is really big, so be prepared to spend a lot amount of time there, especially if you're a museum geek. The collection is really massive and quite complete. ", January 2019
104,5.0,Impressive museum worth visiting,"Even if this imposing museum is filled with exquisite artifacts, the unforgettable displays are set up in a way to be able to really appreciate and enjoy them. There are lots of benches to reflect upon and the explanations are well written. The lockers make it easy to store", March 2019
105,5.0,"Visually stimulating, inside and out","A beautiful and action-packed place to visit.  The main collection is wonderful and free. The rotating exhibits will charge a fee, but they are also first-rate.  Plenty to do for adults and kids. The grounds are also a must-see.", February 2019
106,5.0,History and culture,"I have never seen such a huge museum before, I'm not abig fan of museums, but this one really is impressive. Not only that is big (make shure to give it half a day at least) but it is also well organized and interesting. It has a beautiful lake and garden in front of it and also", September 2018
107,5.0,Very modern and beautiful museum,"This is a flagship museum that offers many aspects of Korean history. The museum is located at Yongsan area, can be accessed by mRT and stop at Ichon Station Exit 2, walking 150m. The museum also has a separate museum for children with fee. The rest is free of charge.", March 2019
108,5.0,Don’t miss this museum!  ,After a week of touring South Korea I was wondering where I might see some treasures. This is the place. The museum is extremely large and beautifully done. Every piece has an explanation or at least a title in English. The collection is amazing and very well displayed. It is, March 2019
109,4.0,Beautiful collection!,"Histories from centuries ago was well presented. common visitors like us (without any historical background) could follow through the era, and understand the evolution of korean civilisation.  We missed the guided tour as there was no english tour on Monday.", March 2019
110,4.0,Enriching,The cultural diversity and different sections in there that cover a variety of Asian countries are quite unique. , March 2019
111,4.0, Great Collection in a Beautiful Space,"It was also free, at least the day I went. The interior of the building alone is worth a visit, and then it’s the home of a wonderful collection. ", March 2019
112,4.0,Free to Visit and a lot to see,"This place is huge so unless you have all day, you need to be selective.  Go to the Information desk on arrival. They will help you download an App with a description of most of the exhibits and if you have your passport or drivers licence with you, they will loan you ear plugs.", March 2019
113,5.0,Exhibition,"Show the work rotation, depending on the management of the exhibition Both of Korea And items from other countries borrowed to exhibit The formatting is very interesting. Anyone who likes a museum should not miss it.", April 2018
114,5.0,Korean history,Very good feedback and demonstrations of the people of Korea. The museum is clean and tidy. Good attraction to visit., January 2019
115,3.0,Mostly in Korean,"Entrance is free Huge exhibition space with many floors However, most of the descriptions are in Korean ", March 2019
116,5.0,An insight into Korean Hhistory and culture,Sign up for a tour to get the most out of your visit. I visited the museum several times so see new exhibits. It's worthwhile., April 2018
117,5.0,Very educational!,"The museum is very big, full of interesting things. It's architecture is spectacular. There are tours in many languages and a lot of English explanations. The admission is free but some exhibits are charged. This is the place if you want to learn more about Korean history.", March 2019
118,5.0,Absolutely Stunning,"The building housing the National Museum of Korea is, quite simply, stunning; it is worth visiting the museum just to admire the architecture alone - a wonderful example of modern design fitting perfectly into it's environment.  Entry to the permanent exhibitions of the museum", February 2019
119,5.0,Very well documented history of Korea,"The Korean history over the last 3000 years was very well documented and displayed at the museum.  I was very impressed with the spirits of Koreans over the millennias, overcoming various adversities and human calamities! It’s adoption of Confucianism was critical for the", March 2019
120,4.0,Interesting!,"It's huge! You can see many historical artefacts, findings, collections, and learn about history, olden days culture and the tradition ways of korea. They have new exhibitions too. ", February 2019
121,4.0,Try the Pagoda Restaurant while at the Museum,"We ended our visit on a Thursday (late night at the Museum) at the Pagoda restaurant.  My friends all opted for the  prix fixe menus (Korean and Italian) and thoroughly enjoyed.  I decided on something different, the octopus bibimbop - and thoroughly enjoyed. It was more like a", February 2019
122,4.0,Hanguk History,"If you want to understand the history of Korea, this is the place to be. It is the largest museum in Korea which houses precious Korean cultural assets. You will learn the history of Korea from ancient times to the modern era. To get here, just go down at Ichon Subway station,", December 2018
123,5.0,very comprehensive summary of korea's history,"The museum is very complete and modern, the exhibits in the first floor where specially appealing to me since I love history it shows a very detailed history of korea from prehistory to the modern times.  The museum is small and may not have a whole lot of pieces in display, but", February 2019
124,4.0,"Amazing building, mediocre exhibition","Im gonna start of by saying that these sorts of museums are often not something I enjoy that much. With that said, I did not think the content of the exhibitions were that interesting. There was definitely some cool things on display. But also, it felt for me like 50% was", February 2019
125,5.0,Impressive,Easily accessible by metro.  Admission is free (unless you want to see the special exhibitions).  I went there on a Sunday so there were lots of families with kids there. Quite a wide coverage of collection of different artefacts.  , February 2019
126,5.0,"Huge museum, free entrance",Beautiful building with a large collection. Over the last ten years I have paid multiple visits to this museum and find myself returning to it often.  The pictures I uploaded are from the temporary Goryeo exhibition in 2019, January 2019
127,3.0,Not a must to go,"This is a place for people who knows how to appreciate historic artefacts - especially artefacts related to buddhism. Otherwise, I do not recommend this on your itinerary. Especially because the exhibits were rather niche. That said, it has a nice and clean environment. There", December 2018
128,4.0,Very good,Finally got the time to visit this one yesterday. Specifically loved the paintings gallery in 2F. Worth a visit. , January 2019
129,5.0,Fantastic,This museum claims to be the biggest in Asia by floorspace.  It may not be true but it is certainly big.  The art displays are excellent.  There is a good restaurant., January 2019
130,4.0,A to Z on Korea History,"As a foreigner, I have been following Korean history. Not through the book but by watching Korean movies. Goreo, Joseon. All make sense via easy arrangement of the exhibition halls. Anti-clockwisely, it explains Korea history from early to modern. ", December 2018
131,5.0,Just beautiful and extensive collection of historical artifacts.,"Easy to go to as there is an access from the train station. Extensive collection of historical artifacts. I learned a lot. Download the app for an English guide, which was so helpful. Visit their garden around the museum. ", November 2018
132,4.0,Beautiful building,"This was a nice place to spend a rainy morning. The galleries are manageable in size, and the collection is impressive.", May 2018
133,5.0,A must!,"Short walk from the subway station. Easy to find. A lot of stuff to see and you really get a good picture of Korean history. Remember to grab a map before you explore the exhibitions, so you won' get lost. The museum itself is really pretty and the architecture is wonderful. The", July 2018
134,5.0,a good place to learn about the history of korea,about a 5 minutes walk from the subway station. the experience along this walk was quite impressive! admission to the museum is free so that's even better! signages are in english and overall easy to walk around in the museum, January 2018
135,4.0,Interesting Museum,The museum was a very interesting look at the development of Korea over the years. The gift shop provided very good gifts to bring home to family., November 2018
136,5.0,Definitely a must visit!,First of all it’s easily located at the entrance of the train station exit. Probably a 5min walk once u exit the train barrier to the exit.  Secondly it’s free of charge. There is no fees and you get 3 stories of viewing. Probably taking you about 2hrs to complete finish walking, December 2018
137,5.0,Amazing History,Three story building housing many artifacts that give a full history of Korea from early time.  Reach easily by bus., July 2018
138,5.0,"Definitely worth a visit, very interesting to learn about Korea's history","Wonderful museum, can easily spend a lot of time here learning about Korea's history. Signs are in English on the exhibitions and there is a lot to see. The museum is free and also provides free luggage storage and free lockers, great for tourists. There is also a resting area", November 2018
139,5.0,Free to public and comes with app,"It was an easy jump from Incheon and my first stop during my day-long layover.  The regular exhibits are free to the public plus there is a free app that acts as a docent to lead you through the museum, to save artefacts of interest, and search must-see artefacts.  There is a", September 2018
140,5.0,Korean Culture immersion at its best!,"Being able to learn about the country that I truly admire is one of the greatest feeling and probably achievement. This had made me appreciate more about Korea, its people and culture.", November 2018
141,4.0,Worth visiting,Located in a large open area this building houses the evolution of the Korea. Everything is organised and the building is a modern spacious place.   Very interesting and would definitely recommend it. , November 2018
142,5.0,2 incredible days full of wonder and learning,"Loved this place, spent 1 whole day on the 1st floor with history of Korea and 1 day on the 2nd and 3rd floor. It is free, there's decently priced food (including a vegetarian meal) and it's just a beautiful, superclean modern building with so much well-presented information.", November 2018
143,4.0,WOrth Visiting,went to this place before we entered the palace since it is also located in the same area. maximum time allotted is 1 hour. please have a tour guide to explain minuet details to make the display items more interesting.  , November 2018
144,5.0,Free and beautiful,"A beautiful building, with plenty of areas to rest and recharge. There is so much to see and learn about Korean history.  Nice displays, although some were dark.  The donated collections were impressive. The grounds are a wonderful respite from city living. ", November 2018
145,5.0,World class museum of Asian art ,"I’ve been to most of the major museums in the world and this museum has the finest collection of Asian art hands down.  The focus is on Korean art but there are also strong exhibits with Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Cambodian, East Indian, Lao, Thai, Indonesian, Mongolian and", November 2018
146,4.0,History,Love it here. They have the show in sections. from the dynastys till the modern era. Have audio in English also. , December 2017
147,5.0,Great way to learn rich Korean history,A great way to learn Korean history. The history reveals itself before your eyes when you cover the ground floor. The art section on the first floor enhances the awe factor and very mesmerizing!   The displays are well-arranged and flows very nicely in alignment with history., June 2018
148,5.0,Incredible place,Very interesting.  Learned a lot about Korean history and its wonder people.  Great place to go and wonder around for a few hours.  Lots of historical stuff to see.  , October 2018
149,5.0,Modernized museum with well-organized exhibitions.,"The museum is located near subway Ichon station. It is a modernized museum with gardening surroundings. The admission fee of the special exhibitions are around 6000, but the permanent exhibitions are free of charge, and they are worthwhile enough to visit.  You can see", October 2018
150,5.0,Top quality museum experience,"We were super impressed with the National Museum of Korea. There are so many good points to list:  - Beautiful, interesting artifacts chronicling Korean history  - Well laid out  - Gorgeous contemporary building, very spacious  - Excellent English translations  - Free entry  -", October 2018
151,5.0,Beautiful museum ,Free entrance and it is an interesting museum for all ages ... The other building is payable. It’s a good place when it rains ... , November 2018
152,5.0,Plan to spend the day,"This place is amazing, i went twice, each time spending 3 hours looking around and i still didn't see the whole museum. More than just a building with great artifacts you can also walk the ground that have a waterfall and genuine 1000yr old statues. Even if museums are not your", October 2018
153,4.0,Beautiful architecture ,And I was very impressed by the Silla artifacts. There were 3 special exhibitions at that time which I was not able to explore. , October 2018
154,4.0,A very good museum,"It is a heritage museum where you learn about the culture of South Korea, Entry is free and this is one of the best free museums I have ever visited.", November 2017
155,5.0,Great place to visit and learn,On the way back from the DMZ spent a few hours hours here. Its free and a great place to learn all about Korea. Simply put its a great visual learning opportunity and well worth the visit , October 2018
156,4.0,Cultural and Heritage Museum,If you are into Culture and Heritage it is ok. The visit can be combined with a visit to the palaces in the area., October 2018
157,5.0,gorgeous museum,"Lovely surrounds and beautiful colleciton. I spent many hours here.  Aside from a lot of loud and boisterous schoolkids, it was nevertheless enjoyable. ", October 2018
158,5.0,Excellent place and a must visit,"Done up and managed very well, it is worth a visit for sure. Take your time moving through the exhibits- plan about 3-4 hrs", October 2018
159,3.0,Grand central hall with lots of other cultures represented,"The museum is a fair bits walk uphill from the closes metro station. The giant pagoda inside is incredible. Lots of other cultural possessions inside from China, Mongolia, Rome, Japan to name a few. Very popular spot for schools and you'll see lots of children and their teachers", August 2018
160,5.0,Worthwhile visit while in Seoul,This is a huge complex with many interesting exhibitions. Highly recommend. You need a few hours to really soak it all in., September 2018
161,5.0,Museum,Great museum to spend time in. It has interesting exhibits to look at and we could spend hours in there., July 2018
162,4.0,Beautiful museum with really interesting exhibits,"This museum was on our list to visit while we were in Seoul and we were so glad we did. It was easy to get to by local bus which stops right opposite the main entrance.  The building is stunning and beautifully designed, spacious and filled with natural light, and the gardens", October 2018
163,5.0,Pleasant Surprise ,"During our visit, a special outdoor exhibition of traditional dance and music was preformed at the outdoor amphitheater, which was an unexpected added attraction to a very interesting museum. Two special exhibits plus the museum’s 3 floors of Korean art and artifacts kept us", October 2018
164,5.0,If it is not on your bucket list it should be,"For once I found myself with a day to enjoy whilst on a business trip to Seoul. Usually imy visits comprise of the traditional airport, taxi, hotel, taxi, meeting, taxi cycle. Braving the immaculate Seoul underground helpful locals and clear signage meant I arrived without", October 2018
165,4.0,The highlights tour of the museum was very good,"My husband and I visited this museum on a cool raw day and enjoyed the free tour in English of the collections highlights (we were the only ones at 10am.) Our tour guide was hard to understand but was a Korean history major, so he knew a great deal about the pieces he was", October 2018
166,5.0,WOW!!,I loved going to museum when going to difference places. I learnt alot of news things when visiting museums. There are alot of exhibition showing in October. I remembered there was exhibition on Joseon dynasty. Very educational for my brother and I., October 2018
167,5.0,Fascinating museum,"We visited on a chilly, foggy, autumn morning which was the perfect kind of day for a museum visit. The museum is huge but is surrounded by gardens which are worth exploring. On entering you are immediately taken by the ceiling's design and the architectural simplicity of the", November 2017
168,5.0,History ,"A place where history and art meet together  It's definitely worth the visit , well arranged, places to eat and relax after you view the artwork  I like it ", October 2018
169,5.0,Comprehensive Collections,"Note: when you arrive there, you will see 2 entrance (one is on the left, the other is on the right). Make sure you go to the correct entrance (the right side). The National Museum of Korea is free of charge. The other entrance needs to pay.   The museum showcases Korean culture", March 2018
170,3.0,A good trip but I think they can do more,The architect of the museum is so high. I love this and try to go all the rooms. I dont realize the story of the museum., September 2018
171,5.0,Fantastic museum with so much to see,I went to the Museum not knowing very much about the history of Korea. This is a great place to start with all historical pieces accompanied with English notes. I spent the whole day hetr and enjoyed the scene and architectural structures all around., September 2018
172,5.0,Main museum in korea,If you happen to go to korea and is short on time or want to have a relaxing time be sure not to miss this place. If you need to see old tradition or you want to have a good stroll it covers all of those. Be sure to put it in your agenda when you visit Korea., September 2018
173,4.0,Lovely Museum,"Realy nice museum which will give you a lot information about Korean art and history up to app. 1910. They have a great app, which you should download before you start your tour", September 2018
174,5.0,Fabulous,"the Museum is free which is great for a traveller on a budget! the lay out of the museum is great and easy to follow and the exhibits are fascinating and a great insight into the history of Korea, the art collections and other great exhibits. I saw every exhibit in around 3/4", November 2017
175,5.0,Magnificent site,Great displays and beautiful architecture.  The water feature outside shows the magnificent setting to its best., August 2018
176,5.0,A night getaway in the heart of Seoul,"The property is huge in the middle of Seoul, with its garden extends over the area. Interesting architecture of the museum, wonderful dining experiences at the Korean restaurant, and you can stroll in its amazing garden for a while. ", August 2018
177,5.0,Many historical artifacts,Huge space.  Impressive presentation.  Extensive displays of pottery and related artifacts.  The permanent displays are free.  Special displays have minimal admission fees., September 2018
178,3.0,Nice but not really thrilling,"As Corea suffered wast devastation in up to three wars during the ladt century, there is not that much left to be exhibited, although exhibits are carefully presented in a very modern building.", September 2018
179,5.0,Must see Museum ,"Fantastic museum from the outside in, well set out with stories, photos, artefacts and displays. Great start to those wanting more knowledge about Korea’s ancient past. ", September 2018
180,5.0,Enjoyable visit,"Went to The National Musuem of Korea. It is in a beautiful setting with plenty of room for everyone. There was a free concert on when I arrived, playing great jazz. The guy playing the saxophone was great. The Musuem is always worth a visit. Everything is beautifully displayed.", September 2018
181,5.0,Loads to see,"The largest museum in Korea, it contains key artefacts that tell the story of the country. There are also educational and cultural assets here meaning there is something for all.", August 2018
182,5.0,A museum to greatness,"I loved this visit, as I was impressed by the view of the museum both inside and outside.  Nice and informative and a good outdoor area to take pictures of military hardware like missiles.", May 2018
183,4.0,Inspiring,"Good place to get to know about Korea's history well arranged, equipped and maintained take a tour and enjoy the visit", October 2017
184,5.0,Worth Seeing,This is a very large museum. The number of artifacts they have collected is astounding. You learn so much about Korea’s fascinating history. I’d recommend a couple of hours to visit this museum. They have many English written descriptions for the displays and exhibits. If you’re, March 2018
185,5.0,Helpfull site,"Loved the museum, so much to see there, lots of information given on this beautiful country, must visit again.", August 2018
186,4.0,Decent visit,"Need at least an hour. Ground floor is interesting with the history of Korea, otherwise 70% of the exhibition just all pottery....train station n bus nearby. It’s free  but special exhibition is charged at 9000+", August 2018
187,5.0,Informative,There are plenty of reading materials that they provide in different language as well and it's all for free. They even have these stamp pad that you can roam around and complete as you go along the way. It's amazing seeing them in person as we always see it in the korean tv, February 2018
188,5.0,An excellently maintained free museum,"The architecture is stunning, the staff helpful, and the exhibits themselves interesting and informative.  I got the audio-guide and I spent an entire afternoon roaming through the museum.  I think those with an interest in history would certainly enjoy it.  The museum itself is", June 2018
189,5.0,A must,"Well organized and very instructive, it helps the visitors to orient themselves in Korean culture and history. ", August 2018
190,4.0,Good place to beat the weather ,"Great activity for hot, cold or rainy days.  This place is massive and contains a wide array of artifacts from Korea’s history.      This place does tend to get crowded, especially during the summer heat.    Getting there: Metro Line 4, Ichon was station exit 2 will take you", August 2018
191,5.0,An absolute must!,"The stunning modern architecture hides an amazing range of outstanding displays and historical information about the history of Korea. Several levels of artefacts, pottery, art, jewels, recreated moments of history and paintings are some of the wonderful displays that will take", September 2017
192,3.0,Lovely Architecture Of The Museum But The Exhibits Can Be Better,"The design of the museum is lovely. However, the exhibits can be much improved. We were unfortunate to have visited the museum to coincide with a school visit. With kids out of control, the museum became a market place of voices and vandalism. My heart goes to the museum staff", July 2018
193,5.0,"Great collection of art,history,present and future",Wow! Great experience and lots of things to see. Clean. Well-organized.  Amazing artwork. Joyful and beautiful landscape. Lots of space. Explored and learned. Thank you for all the people who make it great place of learning and rest., July 2018
194,5.0,Fantastic building in great landscape ,Really enjoyed our visit. The building is spectacular and the landscape / grounds fantastic.  Exhibitions are good. Disappointingly not so much around Korean War and modern history. Perhaps that’s in another museum.   There’s a gorgeous area in the grounds worth walking around, July 2018
