,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,1.0,Bad reviews are true. Paid the price.,"Paid the price of losing to learn through the hard way. This place is designed for you to lose. This casino is not big at all. If you want maximum fun and win some money, go to Singapore's Resort World or Marina Bay Sands. They are 10 times bigger.  1) Minimum bet for Blackjack", November 2019
1,5.0,Very Happy.,This Hotel and Casino is by far the best we stayed at on our visit to Seoul. The hotel is amazing and massive. The staff were lovely and the rooms were perfect. This place is like its own city with many things to see and do all in one place. We loved it. Thank You, September 2019
2,2.0,"Small, smokey, full of rude Chinese nationals","I went last night with the intention of playing low buy-in blackjack, not only did I not get to play blackjack because there was an entire family of Chinese nationals who would call someone over to hold the seat when ever anyone left FOR HOURS, when I finally decided to play", August 2019
3,1.0,Female dealers are very rude and gossipy,"Female dealers were Extremely unprofessional. Rude, not focused on their job but rather gossiping about other female customers. That’s really unprofessional behavior I have ever seen from casinos worldwide!  They also mumble and cuss at foreign female customers just because they", April 2019
4,1.0,Terrible service ,Terrible service towards foreigners.  Been going for months due to no other casinos in the area but will never go again. Terrible customer service and discriminating towards foreigners , October 2018
5,1.0,Terrible staff attitude toward foreigners,Terrible staff attitude towards foreigners whom they don’t understand because the crowd is largely korean speaking Chinese. The staff are really rude and it was really bad experience to entertain guests or clients. Secondly the dealer Shin GoKyun would accuse you of something, July 2018
6,4.0,Part of the tour visit ,"Came here because it's part of the tour , I'm not into gambling , but the casino give free souvenirs like key chain and etc . My partner went to play a few round just for fun . Overall a good experience. ", March 2018
7,5.0,Paradise Walkerhill Casino is the best one in South Korea!,"The dealers are super friendly, they give you nonstop beverage service with a wide variety of drinks, including alcohol.  They also have snacks they'll bring you.  & You get free food at the buffet that has lots of different foods.  They're very accommodating and get an A++ for", November 2017
8,5.0,"Nice, bright, & friendly poker tables",Went to Paradise specifically to play poker so this review is only about that.  They had a few tables going.  Manager was friendly.  The dealers were solid.  And the drink service was really good.  Not sure why so many low reviews about this place... I played 1000-2000 KW Texas, July 2016
9,4.0,good casino,"I think this one is the best casino in seoul , although cannot compare with macao or singapore. I go to another casino in COEX, maybe the table game, open 10 to 15 table. Located in sheraton hotel. This casino have much more table open then others. Minimum bet KRW 10.000", July 2016
10,3.0,Poker room,"Free shuttle buses from the metro stations, good polite staff, not all of them speak English, but mostly they speak Chinese ))) only for foreigners: lots of Japanese, Philippians and Chinese people inside. Good poker room: 1-2$, 2-5$ Asian pacific poker tours - are held here", June 2016
11,4.0,Smoke free! Nice..,"Small casino compare to Macau, but good selection of gambling tables. Slots are relatively less, however the table bets are good enough for us to pass some night time.   Free drinks and foods, which is very good compare to casinos in other countries.   Give it a try if you are", March 2016
12,2.0,Like anywhere in Korea don't tip. The owner keeps the money not the workers.,It is OK.  It isn't what you expect.  There is very little English spoken if though no Koreans are allowed inside.  The over all experience is pretty dull at Walker., June 2015
13,1.0,"Poor Service, Terrible Staff and Unfriendly atmosphere...","I went here as part of my birthday weekend with a group of about 20 friends. It was a Saturday night, the casino was busy and we were all looking forward to a good night, and the casino should have been looking forward to making a tidy profit from us. As we were only playing low", April 2015
14,4.0,"Serves the purpose, if you're looking to gamble while in SK","Came here as part of the 10 day layover on my way back to the US from the Philippines.  As an avid poker player, I wanted to see the offering.  Took the train to the local station and then a $5 cab ride got me here.  You have to be a foreigner to come here, so bring your", November 2014
15,2.0,Boring,"If you are looking for a Vegas-style casino that features people actually having fun, keep looking.  This place is simply boring.   Plenty of people there, but you could drop a pin and hear it land.  Dealers are not especially friendly, there are no craps tables, and the", December 2014
16,1.0,Paradise Walkehill Casino discriminates against non-Koreans and people that don't lose enough for them,"As a non-Korean gambler, I have played at Paradise Walkerhill casino many times.    However, after today, I will no longer do so after their discriminatory practices.  First, they demanded that I must stay at the blackjack table for a minimum number of hands.  Basically, over", August 2013
17,5.0,Great Casino. I think it's the only one for foreigners in Korea.,Korean friends are not allowed inside the casino.  But a nice way to spend a night with the buddies. I hear the concerts they have every now and then are pretty awesome and feature well-known artists. , February 2012
