,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Taste was very good and left me wanting more! The texture was excellent. would recommend for anyone who is hungry,"poo is good and i love poo. rxctyvuiubygvfcgvhbjgvfcxdc gvbhjb gcfxdcg vhbjnbcgfdxcghbjkcfcfhgvjhbk,mhcngxfchgvhbjknlkl/n.bkvhcgxdzsfdxfcgvhbjkmlkjhgfthdrgesdfghbjklokjhugytfrdesdxfcgvhbnjmkjhgfdxsdfcvgbhnkmlljhgfgdfsxcvbnkmlojiuhygtfdszA", February 2020
1,5.0,Fun place to explain human needs to children,Poo poo and wee wee are the two of the most intriguing human elements for young children. This museum has a fun approach to explain the mother nature calls. A fantastic educational activity for parents and children!, July 2019
2,5.0,Fun for small kids,Very fun place! Both our kids (4 & 9) had a lot of fun taking pictures and exploring the digestive system. The location at TripAdvisor is wrong. It is about 250 to the south at the SM duty free Mall next to running man! , November 2019
3,5.0,The place is quite good for my 5 years old boy, The place is very lovely But a little too small There are people writing in various places that makes it look dirty., March 2019
4,4.0,Fun for kids! 1h max,"Super fun visit! Very easy to find especially for us non-korean tourists. Located at B1 of a duty free dept store. Really great experience, brought my seven year old son and he loved the entire place. The main part is the digestion simulation which was really fun and pretty", October 2019
5,4.0,My kids loved it,"A silly and funny place, good for laughs. It's not huge and you can easily get around it in 30 mins without crowds. A bit difficult to find as it's inside a building with no obvious signage. Wouldn't go out of my way to come here but worth it if you're nearby and want some silly", September 2019
6,4.0,Kinda silly but another must if you're doing museum tours.,This is a small amusement park in the bottom of SM Coex (somehow fit there) where you can learn about digestion. Unfortunately some of the information is in Korean only but there are lots of photo opportunities for you to have when you go in and explore. The discover Seoul pass, September 2019
7,5.0,10/10 would shet again,holy shiet it was great i got to see poop to smell poop and to shiet poop it was not as poopy as i expected, September 2019
8,5.0,Small but fun,"We visited on the 25 Jul 19.  It’s in a high rise building on one of the floors, it’s signposted everywhere so very easy to find.  To get there take line 1 subway from Janggak station exit 3, it’s a three min walk from there. Prices W7,000 each.  The children get a quiz sheet", July 2019
9,4.0,PooPoo Land Visit,"A great place for Boys.  How can you not laugh at Farts?  Only takes 30 minutes to visit this small museum but, funny.  Kids loved it.", May 2019
10,4.0,complements running man activity,"To do this alone is not really that worth the effort to go all the way here. But we were here for running man, and poopoo land right beside running man is a great complement.  This deals with the unique experience of anything to do with the word ""poo"". This is actually another", June 2019
11,5.0,Fun and unique experience!,It was a unique experience for exploring poop's world. It a really nice place for children and fun place for adult., May 2019
12,5.0,Hilarious kid fun for all,A little hard to find but once you do you will find a humorous mini attraction focusing on poop. The whole exhibit has many photo ops and a funhouse traveling as food moves throughout the body and transforms into poop., March 2019
13,4.0,Fun activity,"If you are easily to offend this is not for you. This is good for weird photo opps and laughs or farts. They have little quizzes but not all are for English speakers. However, it was fun to experience bowel movement or different farts. It is a great indoor activity and for sure", May 2019
14,4.0,Fun place to play,"We came over here from Dragon Hill Lodge with our 13, 7 and 5 year old. It’s very much appropriate for little ones as my 13 year old just giggled about it the whole time. Only takes about 20 min to complete but you can complete the trip again. Lots of places to take silly", April 2019
15,5.0,Loved it,First of let me just say I recommend this place for any person who laughs at anything related to poop 💩. There is a nice view of a huge poop emoji and everywhere you go you hear moaning and farts 🐘 💨. In all if you love poop and get a laugh out of it this is the place for you, March 2019
16,5.0,So fun,"It's a little ""museum"" with high entertainment value. Entrance costs 9000 won. On Saturday afternoon the place was packed with families. Even though I came here alone, I had a lot of fun. It'd be better to bring someone along to take photos of each other though. The location of", March 2019
17,5.0,Great fun!,"We struggled to find this place originally as we thought it was in Ssamzigil shopping block, however we found it had moved in July 2018 to the basement of SM Duty Free Building - about a 5 minute walk away. It wasn't the cheapest place to visit but it was a bizarre and surreal", December 2018
18,5.0,Actually very fun and very irreverent..,"Me and my family just went today. My family thinks farts are funny, so we really got a kick out of this. All the photo opp's are great for Facebook, when we get back home!", November 2018
19,3.0,interesting place for kids,"Not sure on how to initially react when I saw this place. It was odd but fun for young kids especially when eveything your child say is “poop”... hahaha! This place was hard to find, I saw it while I was walking around Insadong. The entrance is not bad, the inside is full of", March 2018
20,3.0,"Okay for kids, meh for adults.","I was stoked (perhaps overly so) about visiting Poopoo Land. And at first glance, I was not disappointed. The entrance is graced by a large backside that you walk under, and the short flight of stairs inside plays various fart noises with each step.   But this is geared toward", May 2018
21,3.0,Entertaining,"I personally find it interesting and humorous, this place is small and activities are short and you will be done in 15mins. i personally would prefer to do something else, this is not for me.", April 2018
22,3.0,CRAPTASTIC,"I think part of the allure of this attraction is that it's not readily visible. It's in a little shopping plaza off the main (on weekends) pedestrian zone, and even once found, it takes a little bit of time to be sure that it's the right place (To be fair: I speak/read only a", April 2018
23,5.0,Toilet Humour at its Finest!,Stumbled upon this place by accident and its a great way to kill an hour! You walk up the steps to fart noises and step into a big butt shaped door - it is not subtle. It's structured like an amusement park attraction where you walk through the exhibit from start to finish - you, April 2017
24,4.0,PooPoo Land,"I think that Poo Poo Land is really funny place, but if you want to go slowly and have fun go there early. Because small kids can be little bit dangerous and tiresome.  Poo poo Land jest naprawde śmiesznym miejscem, ale trzeba tam iść rano.", February 2018
25,3.0,Poopoo Land,"Enjoyable place for kids. In fact it is quite narrow inside, difficult to move, especially when crowded. However, kids are enjoying. Location is easy to access. Entrance fee should be much less in my opinion, as there is nothing special in terms of fine arts or history, compared", February 2018
26,4.0,Hilarious! But only in Korean,"My girlfriend and I visited this for fun and we had a blast. It was fairly cheap and pretty short, but all the sounds and ""art"" was hilarious. The real negative was that everything was in Korean, so any info/signs I couldn't read. Great for a little stop by though!", February 2018
27,3.0,Fun but 1 time visit- mainly for kids/teens,The place is small so you will be less than 30minutes in there.  It’s funny since the entrance because of the fart noises. Some things are so real that are disgusting.  There is also a theme restaurant which I didn’t wanted to try because it’s beyond disgusting for me., December 2017
28,1.0,Not worth the time ,My family went thinking the place would be fun and break from all the historical sites but was disappointed how short and dull it was. There were maybe 3-4 photo worthy spots for laughs without any educational benefit. My 6 and 7 year olds walked away unimpressed..., September 2017
29,3.0,My kids loved it!,"My kids loved it! Too bad, the activity just took twenty minutes to complete. Price was reasonable for a one time visit.", May 2017
30,3.0,Disorganized little thing,"I was kind of excited about seeing what this thing was all about. There weren't many clues about what it is online and it looked like wacky fun. It still was wacky fun, but I was a little underwhelmed. The museum is very short. It's a handful of fart noises, badly translated", April 2017
31,5.0,It's a laugh,It's cheap to get in. You don't stay long. But it's a laugh.  Some funny photo opportunities. The slide at the end is a thrill.   They don't offer any lockers and we had a backpack each which was a pain to carry around.   Kids under 5 not allowed. , February 2017
32,5.0,5 Dollars Well Spent,"My friend and I were walking around Insadong, and literally followed little pictures of the pop emjoi on the floor/the sounds of farts into ""Poo Poo Land"". Most random, unexpected & hilarious place ever. This place is ridiculous and amazing. Seriously - just go. Most fun I have", July 2016
33,4.0,Silly fun in Insadong,"This silly museum was close to our hotel in Insadong, hidden away in a shopping mall area. If you can't laugh at farting or feces then this is not the place for you. I wouldn't have known if existed if I hadn't found it on tripadvisor first. If you hate confined spaces in the", October 2016
34,5.0,Most fun ever ,So amazing!!! So much fun and light hearted well worth it. The slide was great at the end. Not too long but you have so much fun in a very bizarre but wonderful place! Kids would love and us two who are young at heart , November 2016
35,1.0,Bad experience!,"We bought tickets for poopoo land and dynamic maze, nowhere is it stated that kids 3 and under cant enter. And no where is its stated that kids under 130cm cant use the slide. Our kids is 3 and 5, and not old and big enough. ", September 2016
36,4.0,Hilariously Fun,"This inexpensive museum is based on your imaginary experience traveling through the human body as, well, poo. That said, the whole museum is educational but also tongue-in-cheek. If you are easily offended or have a limited sense of humor, this museum is not for you.  This", July 2016
