,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Lovely Grounds after a Nice Hike,"I decided to take the bus to get to this place on a very early Saturday morning.  Just a one bus transfer from Gangnam.  There is actually a shuttle service, however, I was not sure of the actual location of the pick-up points.  Its best to have a wifi cause google maps can lead", May 2019
1,5.0,Beautiful environment and a great variety of food,"We were invited as a group and had a great evening, topped with cultural experience while the food just kept coming to the table in at least 10 turns. We only had water and tea but this was just great not to take away any of the taste from the food.", July 2018
2,5.0,Excellent Dinner and location,"My Korean customer invited me there for a dinner meeting. It is a world ""out of busy city of Seoul"".  Paceful place inside a truly traditional Korean old building with a cozy garden. We had a excellent food, I was extremely satisfied.  Take the opportunity to enjoy it if you are", May 2018
3,3.0,Traditional Korean food,"The restaurant is located in premises used for government events. As our visit was during a wet and dark night, I can only imagine that the grounds are beautiful. There was a wedding and the place was very crowded. Perhaps the ambience is more suited to such occasions rather", May 2018
4,4.0,Nice dinner,My friend treated me a really nice Korean dinner (Hanjeongsik) The food was awesome and we were so full. The servers were nice and helpful. I enjoyed my dinner at Samcheonggak. Need reservation., August 2017
5,4.0,Fine cuisine,We booked for lunch through our hotel concierge and made use of the free shuttle service provided by the restaurant. Was at the pick-up point five minutes before the scheduled time and the van arrived promptly to bring us there.  The drive up a meadering hill was scenic with, May 2017
6,4.0,How the Emperor use to eat? ,That's how it was pitched to us. I'm not so sure. The food is just ok. Tastes more healthy than delicious. Would come here more for the stroll around the surroundings before and after dinner... , May 2017
7,3.0,Nice place but needs refinement,"The location on a hill was superb. It creates an anticipation for things to come.  We had lunch there and went for a set has most of the items we wanted to try. We were told that they will need 20 minutes to prepare the food. No worries.  Trouble was when the food came, it was", December 2016
8,4.0,Unique dining experience,We brought our daughter to Korea for the first time and wanted to experience some of the traditional korean cuisine.  And this place was fantastic. We came here for lunch on a Sunday at noon. When we fist arrived we were the only people but the place filled full soon after.   , September 2016
9,5.0,Tranquility amidst the din of the big city.,"We indulged in a Sucheong Sura (a.k.a. The King's Dinner). There were 13 courses; very much like a fantastic ""tasting menu"" of authentic Korean cuisine.  We were entertained by traditional Korean musicians and had a thoroughly wonderful experience.", June 2016
10,4.0,Charming venue; a slice of Korean history,We had a group event. The food was decent. Venue was fantastic. Entertainment was first rate. Great for large gatherings. So near Seoul but so high up and surrounded by greenery. , May 2016
11,4.0,A quiet retreat,If you want to experience a good quality Korean banquet meal in peace with a great view then this is a good place. The prices are a little high but the service is good and the variety and volume of food is very good. January is not the best time for being outdoors at minus 15 so, January 2016
12,5.0,"Absolutely charming, lovely place","A quaint, well-maintained restaurant/tea house with a great view. A bit expensive but worth it. The environment around is also so peaceful and beautiful it's lovely to just go out and take a long walk after a tea. I love going there every time I get a change to visit Korea.", September 2014
13,5.0,A must place,"Highly recommended place . A place to relax, to take photos, to have lunch... Serene atmosphere and romantic feel.", February 2015
14,4.0,great view,"There is a free shuttle to Samcheonggak, which we took from Gwanghwamun area at Gallery Hyundai stop. It's about 10 to 12 minutes bus ride to there.  If you would like to dine at the restaurant for Korean course meal, do make a reservation. Since we didn't have any, our lunch", October 2014
15,5.0,a great place to go,one of the best restaurants in seoul. here you get a great service and special food from korea. its one  of the places that you have to go, October 2014
16,4.0,Nice place for lunch,A nice quiet place out from the hustle and bustle of Seoul City. They have a hourly shuttle bus that pick people up from a couple of places in Seoul. ( Eg. About 20m from JONGGAK station exit no.5) We took the 10.16am bus from here.  Lunch Set cost us about US$60 per head but it, October 2014
17,4.0,Oasis,Took free shuttle from Insadong to restaurant.An oasis sitting a hill overlooking Seoul.Pricey but worth it for the experiences.Trad pagodas around the Korean restaurant. Also there is this Cafe sitting on a porch overlooking Seoul  which we did not try. I saw free car parking, July 2013
18,4.0,Good Place to experience Good Quality Korean Food,"This is a place with restaurants offering good food at premium price. Apparently, this place is patronized by mainly well-dressed people, so please wear something more presentable too, so that you will not feel out of place.   We had a multiple course lunch at the Samcheonggak", October 2012
19,3.0,Good but way too pricey and not at all korean traditional food,"i lived in korea for 2 years, ate at a lot of traditional korean restaurant and tried lot of delicious and amazing korean dishes through those 2 years. However, samcheonggak wasn't one of those nice traditional restaurants. Food is good but nothing is amazing or spectacular.", July 2011
20,5.0,Delicious,"Got the free shuttle bus outside Kyobo bookstore in Gwanghwamun. The restaurant has nice a modern deco. The service was really good. We ordered ""Dongbaek Sura"" - cost around KRW 61,000 inc tax.  They brought a menu to us - written ""A dining table prepared with sincerity for you", December 2010
