,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Samcheondong-gil road,"You can explore the boutiques, shops and galleries to or on your way back from Bakchon Village. Certainly a great place to take a break or have a meal at one of the many restaurant offerings.  Interesting stores that offer traditional Korean hanbok rentals for those who want to", November 2019
1,3.0,Modern and Traditional Korea merge,"You can view restored older Korean homes (hanok), walk around and enjoy the coffee shops and galleries.", September 2019
2,3.0,The Tourist Area Of Bukchon,This street was similar to others in Bukchon but had more cafes and  places for tourists plus a mix of the old Korean houses and some new.Walk this street and some of the other less crowded streets for a fascinating look at old Seoul., September 2019
3,3.0,One of many,"One of the streets in bukchon village, good to experience and see the old korean cluture. Nice for a walking day.", September 2019
4,4.0,Modern and ancient ,The Bukchon Honok traditional houses and the modern café and shops selling clothes and dresses co exist. It is a fun place to explore  Shop in the boutique and catch the afternoon coffee break in the café. Another way to enjoy Seoul. , September 2019
5,5.0,Samcheongdong-gil Road,"EXCELLENT shopping areas. The surroundings are like in old-fashioned houses but when you stepped into the shops, WOW! All high-end interior. Very comfortable to shop and pleasant to look around. We enjoyed our time here! Prices may be a little steep but its a really great place", January 2019
6,4.0,Samcheongdong ro - A charmed place for casual shopping,"Samcheong-dong is an interesting area where you will find a unique amalgamation of majestic palaces, artisan cafes, unique boutiques, stylish art galleries, and charming Korean traditional houses.", December 2018
7,5.0,Tradition Meets Modern,"Samcheong-dong is one of the hot spots in Korea whether your a local or a tourist. It is where tradition meets modern day. It is near Gyeongbokgung palace qnd the blue house. It's nice to stroll along the streets whether its day or night time. A lot of restaurants, cafes and", December 2018
8,5.0,Fun place,I enjoyed my visit here and seeing all the Han Bok costumes around just made me feel like I was way back in time., November 2018
9,5.0,Where tradition comes alive.,"This is a must visit place for those who love traditional houses, villages and magnificent palaces.  I visited this place to visit my friend who is working at the Korean Constitutional Court. The Court is situated in this area and I took the chance to explore the attractions", October 2018
10,5.0,Bukchon! :),"Bukchon Hanok amazed me everytime I went here. It gives me the feeling of being old in the city. Overall, Goblin Korean Drama locations is a must.", October 2018
11,4.0,"Not as good as it used to be, but still great street of cafes","This road is located near the presidential office and prime minister's home. Therefore, it is completely safe with a lot of police. There are many Korean-Western fusion style cafe and restaurants. It is fun to walk through the streets and find neat gift shops. ", October 2018
12,5.0,Lost in paradise,"Samcheongdong-gil-road is a balanced mix of both traditional & modern architecture. Peaceful street lined with cafes, museums, art galleries and antique shops. Each art gallery has its own unique architectural design. Walls have some interesting graffiti. Perfect place to take a", July 2018
13,5.0,Amazing,Lovely walk thru small streets with incredible timber houses.Plenty of places for drink or food.Good prices for Seoul., May 2018
14,4.0,Samcheong-dong,"This road is not far from the Gyeongbokgung Palace. It is continuing until Insadong. Along the road it is possible to find many interesting shops, art galleries, restaurants and cafes. Also, generally it is possible to see some street activities or market places. Prices in shops", May 2018
15,5.0,Lively street,"A lively street with cafe, restaurants and clothing shops. It’s enroute to the bukchon hanok. So plan your trip to include this in your itinerary. ", June 2018
16,5.0,Plenty of good shops,"This road has plenty of interesting looking shops, great cafes and restaurants and heaps of cool art galleries. It is close to Gyeongbokgung Palace and some tourists wander around here in their rental hanbok outfits. It's a very chilled place to spend a few hours.", March 2018
17,4.0,Small street,"Its close to the Gyeongbokgung Palace. After a lot of walking in the palace, we were very tired to walk here. So we drove around in the car. Its nice little street for a pleasant walk if weather is good. You can see the Bukchon Hanok Village a little uphill and lot of quaint", April 2018
18,4.0,A pleasant stroll!,"Accidentally found this road on our quest to search for the Bukchon-Hanok Village as we walked from the Gyeongbokgung Palace, and what a pleasant find indeed! Loved the quaintness of the ambience, a good mix of old (or rather ancient) Seoul with the new. It has sort of a hipster", April 2018
19,4.0,Beautiful place,The Road has a very beautiful view but such a very small tiny road.  It has coffee shop and restaurant., November 2017
20,4.0,Strolling from Gyeongbokgung palace ,"Walk past the road here from Gyeongbokgung palace to Buckhon Hanbok village, lots of interesting cafes , ice cream stall , eateries along the way . Love the vibe here ", March 2018
21,4.0,Interesting Stop,It is a nice area to visit very unique area but the quality of the food at the restaurants are not very desireable.  , February 2018
22,4.0,Try hiking trail across Samcheong park,"Samcheongdong-gil road is not big road.  However, there are many attractive various flavor of small restaurants, coffee/dessert cafes and nice wine bars.  Visitors can experience old Korean local houses of medium level of gently class.    There is a nice small hiking trail", November 2017
23,4.0,A visit to Samcheongdong is a must,This place is replete with history and has quaint cafes and boutiques that dot the narrow alleyways that never fail to surprise you with an unexpected dessert store or restaurant. My personal favourite is a dessert store that offers purple sweet potato ice cream that sits on a, December 2017
24,4.0,Keep walking,"dotted with eclectic little shops and cafes, this street is a delight to wander. If you veer off to the right up the mountain, towards the embassy of Vietnam, you will find the entrance to the Samcheong Park. Go in and climb up the hill to the pavillon, past the  military", December 2017
25,5.0,Nice heritage homes plus more,Samcheondong is a must visit if you are in Seoul simply because it combines a scenic stroll to Seoul's lovely hanok houses with retail and gourmet therapy.  Don't forget to visit the countless unique cafes and restaurants situated along the road. , November 2017
26,4.0,A famous nian-gao restaurant at this place,Must visit this place for photo taking.  There is a a lot of cafe and street foods here.  A very famous nian-gao restaurant is here.  Do not miss the restaurant if you are here! very delicious and reasonable price., November 2017
27,5.0,Beautiful neighbourhood!,This place is really gorgeous for an afternoon stroll with many shops and cafes along the street. The building is a mixture of old and new and the autumn colours make the area even more beautiful. Some of the coffee chain have interesting looking buildings. I saw SBS filming a, November 2017
28,5.0,One of the best area in Seoul,Great place to spend few hours to walk around. Few great cafe places and you can buy some small but interesting things there. Both of my daughter hired and wore hanbok and walk around the area and the experience was fantastic., October 2017
29,4.0,Great place to walk around with historical buildings,Great streets with many shops and restaurants. Buildings are historical looking. Very great views and easy to navigate. , September 2017
30,5.0,My favourite place in Seoul!,"A mixture of modern and traditional Korean, this place is a fantastic exploration. Many unique and great cafe around the area. Best to be explored on foot.", October 2016
31,4.0,A bit retro-hipster style part of the town,"If you want to see the mixing of retro and modern things you will find walking this road interesting. There are many shops here, artisan shops, craftsmanships, bars, and restaurants. An interesting part of town.", August 2017
32,5.0,Take umbrella,"June was very rainy, so take transparent umbrella:), you should start from from Gyeongbokgung Palace, you will pass many shops, restaurants, galleries and nice old style houses.", June 2017
33,5.0,nice small alley,"This is located at Anguk Station (Seoul Subway Line 3), Exit 1. Along this small alley, you see some familiar scenes from Goblin drama. This is also near Pungmoon High School and Choong Ang High School where you can reminisce the drama :)", August 2017
34,5.0,Street full of arts!,"It is a perfect street for your afternoon stroll! Not so busy, just perfect. You can enjoy street performances by local artists,  shopping in small local outlets; they sell cute stuffs like handmade bracelets, jewelry, bags, clothes, room interior stuffs. Some buildings are", June 2017
35,5.0,Romantic evening chill walk,"I love this place.. Small shops along the street.. Beauty product, cafes, boutique.. A chill walk along the road with your loved ones. And you can walk from there to either Gyeongbokgung Palace on to Hanok Village.", March 2017
36,5.0,"Old and new, food and shopping","Must visit place if you are in town. Would recommend walking through insadong to Samcheongdong then back by bus or doing it the other way around, by going by bus to one end first. Make sure to wear a hanbok. If not you can always rent one!", June 2017
37,5.0,Love this unique street,Love this unique street full of Korean traditional cafe and restaurants and also western ones as well. There are tiny shops lined up as well and you can take any of the side streets to enter a labyrinth of Korean traditional streets full of charm and culture. Will be back., May 2017
38,4.0,Walking along and stumbled on this area,Was travelling solo and had heard about this older area of the city.  It is so clean and full of restaurants and places to poke around in and find a trinket or treasure to take home as a memory.  Lots if good restaurants in this area also., April 2017
39,5.0,Really nice place to take photos,"There are lots of tradition Korean houses in many alleys. Many locals and visitors take photos there, some of them even wear tradition clothing. However, those houses are private. Signages of ""Silence"" are hanged everywhere. So if you're planning to visit there with children,", April 2017
40,5.0,Great Place,"The environment is very friendly, it's trendy, lively during the day and at night. Great coffee shops, galleries, museums and some restaurants. Love that it's mixed with the Hanok style home, it gives the area a very unique feeling, experience and charm. A must come and spend a", April 2017
41,5.0,A Nice Place to Spend the Day,"Littered with Artsy places and cafes, the streets itself has so much character and always something interesting to find.   Explore on your own and be curious of the surrounds, you'll definitely find something interesting.", April 2017
42,4.0,Gem of it's own.,"Loved this place, would always visit here when I'm back in Seoul.  Numbers of cafe and those store selling items with a style of it's own. Reach here by approx 10 mins walk from Anguk station.  A place which takes your day away easily.", April 2017
43,4.0,Lovely area for an afternoon stroll,"Samcheongdong-gil is very close to Gyeongbokgung, so it's a perfect area for a meal and a stroll after visiting the vast palace.  The area is not crowded and full of many lovely gift shops, cafes, and restaurants.  It's like the mix between old and new, with traditional houses", April 2017
44,5.0,"Arty, modern area right opposite Palace walls.",Some lovely art galleries and boutiques dot this street. There are also many cafes and dessert places to be found here. Great for people who want to browse shops on a lazy afternoon., April 2017
45,5.0,Jongno,Great neighborhood close to the Folk Museum and the main Palaces. Some shopping around as well. Great for tourists, February 2017
46,5.0,Lovely neighbourhood,A little neighbourhood with many cafes and boutique shops. You will find many artistic and unique architecture here. Lovely place to stroll around and enjoy the surroundings. Many gingko trees that made up a colorful street during autumn and early winter., November 2016
47,5.0,Must go !,"Lots of interesting shops that sell accessories and go into the small lanes , you will see authentic tea places, sweet potato ice cream , red bean soup etc .   Cafes were really interesting too ", February 2017
48,4.0,A blend of traditional and modern culture,"A must visit. Samcheongdong is slightly different from Bukchon. You will see more traditional houses in the latter. But you will see modern places such as cafes. Yet, within each cafe (majority of them), its interior has a blend of traditions and culture. An interesting place.", February 2017
49,5.0,Nice road to stroll around,"had a great walk around this road, definitely loving the ambience. this area is packed with cute and very artsy little shop, perfect for morning or evening walk. i regretted visiting this area only once, definitely going to this place again if i'm going to seoul!", January 2017
50,4.0,A nice place to see and be seen,This area is a nice counterpoint to the Bukchon Hanok area that's nearby. This place is interesting and even a little edgy. There are many small shops selling interesting things. There are also cafes to stop by at and just be. , October 2016
51,4.0,More shopping,"Another shopping street. However this road has many cool buildings, lots of Easter eggs to find! It's a nice walk, plenty to see. ", January 2017
52,4.0,Modern and Antique,"I love visiting Samcheongdong! I always make time to visit this area since there are so many cute boutique shops. However, it's not cheap but some are affordable if you look closely. The area is fun to look around since it's a mixture of modern and antique buildings. There are", April 2016
53,5.0,Lots of boutique cafes,"A quaint little neighbourhood with lots of boutique cafes (coffee, desserts) and restaurants, and boutique shops.  Can easily visit this place in the same morning/afternoon as Gyeongbokgung Palace, Bukchon, and Insadong.", January 2017
54,5.0,nice walk,"On a good day with nice weather, and good walking shoes, this road is perfect to walk around and maybe get lost in. There are nice cafes and boutiques to entertain you. It is a different vibe from the other neighborhoods in Seoul. ", April 2016
55,4.0,Half day casual walk,"Many local restaurants and coffee shop nearby, walkable distance from metro station. Must spend a day here for sightseeing.", November 2016
56,4.0,Hip Place!,I wandered here after visiting Gyeongbokgung Place and the National Folk Museum of Korea. Definitely like this place more than Insadong (a lot more commercialised). The street is known to be a café street with lots of hanoks converted into hip café joints.   I was definitely, November 2016
57,4.0,Nice Cafe & Shops,"Good to take a break at the cafe after visited Bukchon Village.   Sit at top floor of the cafe can view far, relax to have a afternoon coffee break with ice cream waffle ...  Saw quite a few ladies dress up in korean traditional costume walking on the street then realise u can", October 2016
58,4.0,Beautiful during Autumn,"A nice place with many restaurants, bistro, ice cream/coffee cafes, galleries and small boutique shops. It is crowded with many young adults during weekends. It is beautiful during autumn with coloured leaves and cooling weather. Take a nice stroll there after lunch to relax", November 2016
59,5.0,A lovely road,This meandering nice road is excellent for a stroll after your visit to the Gyeongbokgung Palace.  It is very nice during the dusk and is full of restaurants., March 2016
60,5.0,Historical place kept in modern city.,"Samcheongdong-gil Road with cafe, galleries, shopping is close to Bukchon so remember to plan going here together. This place is a few minutes walk from Insa-dong. Many here are boutiques and each store carry their own unique styles: vintage, retro, hippie, romantic, classic", November 2016
61,3.0,Good for a stroll & Trendy Shopping,It's a fairly short road and connects the side gate of the Palace with Bukchon Village so if this is on your itinerary I would definitely use it as my means of walking. Great place to enjoy a coffee or tea at one of the local cafes... There are some brand name retailers here as, September 2016
62,5.0,"Chic, peaceful area!","We walked down here from the bukchon village on our way to Insadong and found this area thoroughly charming!   It feels abit different from the online pictures somehow. It was a chic and expensive area obviously, but quite peaceful eventhough being right at the bottom of Bukchon", November 2015
63,5.0,Running Man shooting site!,I came here because i want to take picture like Running Man when the shoot full episode in this neighborhood. Generally really love this road that full of restaurant and small shops. So peaceful!, January 2016
64,3.0,Quaint cute place,"A lovely walk in the neighborhood, with cafes, galleries, small little restaurants. It is more upscale neighbourhood.  We walked from Cheng Dae Moon to Samheongdong to Buchon village. Nice interesting stroll, worthwhile visit. Be sure to stop at the coffee and traditional Korean", October 2016
65,5.0,Hip place to shop and chill,"A very chill and artistic place. A lot of great boutiques, cafes and restaurants. Had a great time walking around exploring the area. Went here after venturing Bukchon Hanok Village.", October 2016
66,5.0,Perfect Perch for Coffee in Autumn,4pm on a beautiful autumn day after a visit to the East Palace. Took a nice spot on the 3rd floor Terrace and it was utterly perfect. Nice view and a wonderful vibe. Perfect place at the perfect time. Coffee and dessert was also good. , October 2016
67,5.0,Never fail to visit this place each time in Seoul ,"I can spent the full afternoon walking this place and still do not feel bored.  Each time I. Am in Seoul for vacation, irregardless which season I will visit this place.  This time round I wonder even further to each lanes and visit more shops than ever.   It is an artistic", September 2016
68,5.0,an amazing street,"of my entire seoul vacation, I can safely say that I enjoyed Samcheongdong area the most. it is simply unique - it blends the historic gyeongbokgung area and the modern cafe culture very well. the street is vibrant and for those cafe-lover it is simply a must-visit if you are in", September 2016
69,4.0,Nice Brunch on a Chilly Day,"We headed down this street to find somewhere to dine. It's March and the wind still chilly. We find this nice restaurant with a top view and headed there to eat our brunch and then went to Bukchon village. We have a European meal with coffee, waffle, eggs and sausage. It was was", March 2016
70,4.0,Nice place for a walk!,"Plenty of restaurants and shops around here. The atmosphere is really relaxing and less crowded. Enjoy your time here. The place is close to Bukchon so remember to plan going here together! If you're a runningman fan, you might want to come check it out since they came for one", August 2016
71,4.0,Buchon,Road leading to Bukchon. Good to walk this way from palace to the old Bukchon area. Shops and restaurants along the walk there. , July 2016
72,4.0,Traditional Korean houses and many TV scenes,"There are many tradition Korean houses in that area and you actually can visit this place with North villages. They are just next to each other. When you plan to go, remember to wear a pair of comfortable shoes. In Seoul, you will need to walk up and down all the time, just like", July 2016
73,5.0,Patbingsu,"A very nice place to visit. it just a walking distance with bukchon hanok village. Love the design of every single coffee sop, restaurant here. We able to eat waffle, churros and green tea patbingsu here. Delicious!", May 2016
74,5.0,"Place to Wander, Shop, Eat, and Drink!","Ooh, I loved this street.  I walked here after strolling through the Bukchon Hanok Village, which a long set of stairs takes you from up there to this street below.  It is tree-lined with many shops, cafes, pop-up shops, galleries, and leads down to one of the palaces and the", July 2016
75,3.0,"Cafe, cafe and cafe",Recommended to walk here after visiting Bukchon Village. A lot of cafes with their own authentic foods. There's also some stores., July 2016
76,4.0,Go for a nice walk,"I really liked walking around here! I regret not spending more time though. I wasn't able to explore the place as much as I wanted. Anyway, this is an excellent mix of the old and new. Very interesting! Lots of cafes and restaurants here too. You can pass by Samcheongdong to get", April 2016
77,5.0,Don't forget to try the Churros,"Very pleasant strip of shops and restaurants.  There are several sidewalk sales, the price is very reasonable.  Trust me I'm a a bargain shopper.  There are 2 Churros places, you must try either one is good.  We walked here after visiting Bukchon then walked to Gyeongbokgung. ", July 2016
78,3.0,Relaxing area with Art,"This is the one of our check point of our Seoul trip. Come out at Exit 1 Anguk station. We came here for the famous cheese noodles. On the way to the restaurant, you can see a wall painted ""We are young"". Well, this is one of the photo shoot point.   Then, pass through the road,", June 2016
79,5.0,Cute street with great food!!,"Not a lot of people come here and i wonder why. It is very underrated as there are a lot of things to do here. Browse for artistic gems or mostly have fun by eating food, ice cream and dessert. Since this place is not overrun by people but at the same time doesnt look deserted,", June 2016
80,5.0,넘후조씀,"My first visit to Insa Dong Korean Art Street 인사동길 and Samcheong-dong, Seoul. I was born and raised mostly in Seoul but this is my first visit to Samcheongdong. I assumed it was a tourist attraction and didn't even know where it is located. I'm totally in love with this place", June 2016
81,5.0,삼청동이야말로 good place!,"I highly recommend this area to all the foreign visitors. There are bunch of pretty cafes and stores and you can see some traditional Korean buildings here. As a native Korean, I like to spend an afternoon with my friends drinking a couple of teas in cafes. And it's close to", June 2016
82,5.0,Lovely walk with cute little hand made things,"I got to put on Hanbok @ Korean Master Hand Hanbok experience, and enjoyed the walk in the awesome hand sewn Hanbok, the place has lots of small cutesy handmade accessories (a little pricey) and the cafes served awesome coffees. as you walk along the walkway, you got to try the", May 2016
83,4.0,Combine with Buchon Hanok Village visit,"Take a cab, the subway is too far to walk and we got lost on the first day trying to find the street.  Found it by accident.   its pretty, have lots of nice small shops to look at.  Was told that there is a street that sells lots of shoes, but we didnt have time.  Look out for", April 2016
84,3.0,cafes galore,"Tons of eateries and cafes in the main street and in the smaller alleys. Shopping is more expensive in this area, and there was a huge influx of tour groups when I visited so it wasn't a very good experience. The street is slowly losing its original charm.", April 2016
85,3.0,"Lovely for walks, but things are over-priced and expensive","Again, this is one of the areas in Seoul highly recommended by blogs/people etc. Its actually really close by Gyeongbuk Palace (just beside it) but it’s abit of a long walk from the main entrance. The streets are really pretty and we took a lot of photos there. Lots of", April 2016
86,3.0,Worth the walk and time,The old architecture of common peoples houses are worth your time. Lots of the restaurants and cafe foods are gentrified you need to take close attention before you decide to spend lot of money.Try to explore the smaller streets and alley behind the main avenue. That's where, March 2016
87,5.0,One of my favorite areas in Seoul,Samcheongdong-gil Road is one of my favorite streets to walk down in Seoul. The street is filled with such interesting shops and beautiful architecture that you can really just enjoy getting lost exploring the little shops and corners of every street and intersection. The cafes, January 2016
88,4.0,Stopped by for a stroll.,"From Bukchon Hanok Village, we took a stroll along Samcheongdong before heading to Gyeongbokgung Palace. I love the relaxing atmosphere of the place. The streets are lined with coffee shops, tea houses, restaurants, book stores, and even souvenir shops.", December 2015
89,5.0,Must Visit!,"I would absolutely recommend Samcheongdong to anyone and everyone who is planning to visit Seoul. It's just opposite Insadong and near Bukchon Hanok Village too. Lots of restaurants, eateries, cafes, shops and art murals can be found here!  Also chanced upon restaurants where", December 2015
90,5.0,Explore the streets & the tea houses here,"Each tea house has different special flavor & it will take quite a lot of time to visit them all. We kinda lost the way after climbing down from Buchon village & ""accidently"" got in the neighborhood. So our afternoon turned into tea session, which was greatly unplanned", February 2016
91,4.0,Nice walk after hanok tour,"This is a nice road lined with shops, cafe and cute attractions. You just need to connect this to your temple tour or to your hanok sightseeing. We ate at chefchi which was cheap and delicious. ", February 2016
92,5.0,Great cafes,I never know that there are many different types of cafes. It is quite similar to Itaewon but small scale. A lot of good food there. :) , January 2016
93,5.0,Food and Boutiques,"Plenty of restaurant choices, if you are looking to shop for Seoul specials - lot of boutiques within reasonable price range.", January 2016
94,3.0,Can feel traditional view,"We can see traditional architectures and visit seoul modern gallery, but restaurants are not fancy and too general.", January 2016
95,4.0,Nice road,"Went to samcheongdong-gil road with my boyfriend for a walk and sightseeing. It is a mixture of the traditional and modern side of korea. You will notice a lot of locals as well as tourists around the area.  There are a lot of cafes, shops, restaurants and more along the street.", December 2015
96,4.0,Cafe Alley near Palace,Don't forget to check out this street which is near Gyeongbokgung. Tons of cafes and shops around. After that you can go to Bukchon., October 2015
97,5.0,Lovely part of Seoul,"located near by the main palace, bukchon hanok village and Insadong this is a lovely area of shops, cafes and restaurants. Great place to take pictures around in the warmer months and catch a cup of coffee or small bite to eat.", May 2015
98,5.0,a mixture of traditional + modern,most of the traditional buildings here has been modified into cafes and restaurants. you can enjoy the ambience of modern living in a traditionally decorated buildings here in samcheondong. , December 2015
99,4.0,"Even on a Rainy Day, this street is still nice to walk","The road along this stretch is narrowed. Some parts of it is highly guarded as it is near the President Palace. But this is a beautiful street with cafe of characters.   If you walk along the street and lift up your head to look across, you will see different characters (art", November 2015
100,3.0,Old meets new,A short walk north from the National Folk Museum is Samcheongdong-Gil Road.  You look around and see all of the Hanok rooftops and realize these buildings are converted to cafes and shops.  Great to walk through although you might go up the wrong street but fun to see at least, October 2015
101,4.0,"Galleries, cafes, restaurants and shops","A nice walk after visiting the Bukchon area. This road is filled with cafes, restaurants, galleries and the like. The ginkgo trees on both sides of the road turned yellow when I visited, making the street photogenic. This appears to be popular with locals and tourists and can", November 2015
102,4.0,Excellent Walk at Samcheongdong-gil,"Not subway line here but you can walk your way in, coming from Korea's Folk Museum. Excellent coffee shops, clothing stores, and designer stores too. Many restaurants offer good and not so expensive menus for your taste. Try the green tea cakes and pastries, including a Jeju", November 2015
103,5.0,Galleries and cafe hopping,Best to come here while planning to visit the national museums and bukchon hanok village. Lots of great cafes w/ just the right ambience to chill. I'd like to come back more than once! , November 2015
104,5.0,Nice place to spend a day cafe-hopping,Samcheongdong is located on higher ground at the foothills of Seoul's Bukhansan (northern mountains). It used to be full of traditional Korean houses or hanoks but many of the owners have either sold or leased out their premises so the area has developed into a charming district, October 2015
105,5.0,A road to remember,"This road, authentic yet so lively. There are cafes, restaurants, dessert houses scattered around this area. I recommend you to taste tteokbboki in samcheongdong named moksuidona 목쉬돈나. It is so famous and already reviewd globally by the food blogger around the world. You could", October 2015
106,5.0,Another option past Buchon Hanok,"A bit crowded on a holiday , but with plenty of restaurant choices , one is spoiled for choices. Following the terrain of the area, the food outlets are also a visual delight. I think you should watch out for restaurants with line of people outside waiting to get in ,and chances", September 2015
107,5.0,Love it!,Lovely place with great snacks & restaurants. So many hipster shops & cafes. There are flea markets as you walk in. Great finds!, May 2015
108,5.0,Amazing little neighborhood in Seoul!,My wife and I spent about two hours wandering the streets of this hip and charming neighborhood in Seoul.  We found our way in to some wonderful little shops and bought some wonderful local products.  A very cool area of the city that visitors of Seoul should definitely check, October 2015
109,4.0,Good place to spend sometime to shop & eat,"Walk in accidentally and had a surprised experience. It was very closed to palace wall, suggest you can visit this street after Gyeongbokgung palace. We love the ambiance and easy to look for food.", September 2015
110,5.0,Great place to learn Korean artistic sensibilities!,Loved wandering here ... Give yourself plenty of time and relax with the crowd's pace ... Cathartic if you can take it all in. Like visiting a Korean Museum of Art., September 2015
111,5.0,Favourite area in Seoul!,"This is located near Gyeongbokgung Palace and the Bukchon Traditional Village.   Very nice area filled with quaint cafes, unique shops and restaurants. Lots of interesting things to see in this area and shopping is cheap. Socks, clothes, shoes, accessories, lifestyle products", June 2015
112,4.0,Nice shops,"There are more specialised shops which is very trendy and with their own character. Spend a relax afternoon there shopping and enjoy afternoon tea.   I have tea in a cafe that serve traditional Korean snacks, very nice.", February 2015
113,3.0,Nice food but not too much for shopping.,"This is one of the food heaven, do go for smaller local shops, they serve authentic korean food. As for shopping, this is kind of a no, because stuffs are pretty much over priced. Prepare to walk a bit. Its nice to walk during autumn", August 2014
114,5.0,A Quaint Street Perfect For a Long Walk / Photography / Shopping / Foodies Heaven.,"I loved exploring Samcheongdong-gil Road. Saw really nice cafes/restaurants.  Boutiques/shope selling for socks/scarves/shades/caps/dresses/skincare products etc. A few were at very good prices.  I was there mostly to take photos; the narrow roads, the trees, the people, the", May 2015
115,4.0,"Trendy, Bobo, yet relaxing","Samcheongdong is an up and coming neighborhood located between Gyeongbokgung and Bukchon, and has become trendy of late. Designers, art galleries, fusion restaurants are to be found on each side of the neighborhood's main artery. It feels less commercial than Garosugil, and less", May 2015
116,4.0,"A-Must-Visit Street, lovely place","Samcheongdong-gil road!! Amazing place! The street is lined with cafes, museums, antique shops and a number of famous art galleries.", April 2015
117,5.0,Lovely shopping experience and great place to have a stroll,This is a higher end shopping area next to Bukchon Village. Modern coffee shops inside old style buildings. We sat down for a bingsu with a view of the street and people.  Totally enjoyed this place, April 2015
118,4.0,A very charming place of Seoul,"Full of cafes and restaurants, lots of good surprised boutique and shops all the way down the street.", April 2015
119,4.0,Lovely street combined both traditional and modern Korean style,"After visiting GwangHwaMun, u can go to SamCheongDong to have lunch or afternoon tea. it's a long street between the GwangHwaMun and the BukChon Hanok Village, full of interested decoration of both modern Korean art and the ""traditional korean quiet"". From modern art exhibitions", February 2015
120,5.0,One of My Favorite Places in Seoul and Easily Included in a Walking Tour,"Let me just say that having lived in Seoul for two years, I developed a walking tour route for when people visited. This attraction is part of that tour that can be lengthened or shortened as needed. The general route was: Begin at City Hall, walk up through Gwanghwamun Square", August 2014
121,4.0,Cafe-Lined Street,"It's a pleasant walk up to Samcheongdong from the Gyeongbokgung Palace. Most of the little shops and boutiques only open from around noon, so I suppose the idea is to eat, shop, eat, shop, snack, and well, eat again. I say that because there's just so many cafes, restaurants and", November 2014
122,3.0,the trendy street of Seoul,"This is a trendy place where fashionable-looking people (possible Seoul-lites) flocking during the weekends, where rows of shops and trendy boutiques with cozy cafes on the second floor lined up along the road. Even when you're not into shopping, it is nice to just stroll", October 2014
123,5.0,I am a big fan of Samcheongdong,"It is very famous site in Korea. There are lots of restaurants, coffeshops, fancy shops. So, if you have a plan to visit Seoul, I'd liked to recommend this place. You will never forget!!", December 2014
124,5.0,Filled with cafes,"In typical Seoul vein, but with an even higher concentration of cafes and restaurants. Filled with people, nice to just walk around.", July 2014
125,3.0,An incredible number of cafes to chill out an afternoon,"We started the day from Gyeongbokgung Palace to Bukchon Hanok Village and ended at Samcheongdong-gil Road.  It was not very pleasant as we met with a rainy afternoon at Samcheongdong-gil.  However, there are many cafes along Samcheongdong-gil Road and many of the side streets to", July 2014
126,4.0,Interesting place for a walk but don't expect cheap prices,"People here are generally young, hip and well-dressed.  Lots of boutique shops selling unique prices but not at the cheapest prices.  Interesting place that will occupy you for at least half a day.", June 2014
127,4.0,Fav place to laze in Seoul,"Very interesting place to explore and spend the afternoon....Many special n interesting clothes,accessories n shoes boutiques.Mixture of ancient historical buildings n modern cafes/restaurants buildings.Saw some cultural performance too....", June 2014
128,5.0,Excellent walk thru old Seoul with modern features,"You can start your journey way before getting to Samcheong-dong.  This is a beautiful walk.  Start from the top of Insadong-gil.  Actually just follow the crowds.  Cross the main street Yulgok-ro and enter what looks like a private drive.  It actually is not, rather a street. ", June 2014
129,4.0,"Elegant mix of modern and traditional boutique shops, restaurants and galleries","Just along the Eastern side of Gyeongbokgung Palace is a relaxing, peaceful and elegant street - Samcheongdong-gil hosts boutique shops, stylish cafes and galleries. Many of the cafes are very unique - offering views of the streets outside from an elevated position - you can", April 2014
