,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,"Love it here, even in the chilling winter","I visited Some Sevit a few times in the summer and now in the winter. Though it was a cold February day, I really enjoyed walking around here. I came during the early afternoon, and stayed at one of the cafes to wait for the sunset and I’m glad I did, as the sky was beautiful", February 2020
1,4.0,Very colourful,"Very colourful to view after dark, attended and enjoyed a wonderful meal and show at the venue. Nice views of city from a unique vantage point.", October 2019
2,3.0,If in the area . . .,. . . be sure to take notice of Some Sevit on the western side of the Banpo Bridge. There are three artifical islands with modern buildings with colors changing as night falls., June 2019
3,3.0,Come in the evening to make your trip worthwhile ,There is a shuttle bus you can take at exit 6 of Express Bus Terminal station to bring you here. We were not aware and walked a long long way from the train station. Took the shuttle bus back to the train station. We came in the afternoon. Believe the view and the lights will, April 2019
4,3.0,Self-proclaimed landmark. Good to visit in the early evening.,This is three buildings built on Hangang(Han River). It's consistently advertised as brand new landmark of Seoul. Not that many people are interested and have visited by the way.  - Not easy to reach by public transportations. There's a shuttle bus delivering people on specific, August 2018
5,5.0,VIsit place at night!,Literally called Three Glowing Islands is artificial islands located just right to the Banpo Bridge has very nice view especially during the night. Do not forget to bring your camera because it got lot of decorations. Good place to hang out with friends or spend time with your, November 2018
6,3.0,Amazing view at night,"Also known as Some Sevit (섬세빛- literally means ""Three Lights Island""), this place looks amazing at night when the buildings floating by the river are lit against the dark skies. Some k-dramas have been shot here.   It's quite a long walk from the subway, though. There must be a", January 2018
7,5.0,Very nice view,These awesome islands are famous for the 'Avengers: Age of ultron'. We were just riding the bicycle then suddenly encountered these beautiful islands. The light is so spectacular and there are several places for chillimg. My girlfriend also loved it., July 2017
8,4.0,Good break,"I can see why the #floatingislands, or #somesevit, are an attraction. I went early in the morning and avoided the crowds. It’s a nice area to take a stroll, with lots of shops and seating area along the water to enjoy a coffee or snack (me and food). One can even rent a floating", October 2017
9,4.0,Great night view of Some Sevit (세빛섬),"This is not necessarily marketed as a 'tourist attraction', but we were recommended to visit Some Sevit (세빛섬) to take advantage of the lovely ambiance at night. It is not necessarily the easiest place to get to, but it is about a 15 minute walk from Express Bus Terminal station.", March 2017
10,4.0,Nice park,"Very nice park.  Lots people sit on the grass, have picnic or just enjoy the view.  There is also a children's playground and bike rental.", March 2017
11,3.0,"Artificial structure which is ""floating"" on Han-Gang(river)","It was cold outside with wind, but I felt that it would be good for having some time with friends or family in that area. Sebitseom(""seom"" means island. In this case, islet) is a connected artificial islet that consisted with three structures. Gabit, Solbit and Chaebit. ""Se"" of", December 2016
12,5.0,Lovely ambience ,Loved everything about this place the location the food and the staff were very professional for our business dinner in one of the hired rooms off of the dining room.would highly recommend , November 2016
13,4.0,Nice vibe but could be less crowded,It was nice to have a dinner and enjoy Han river. But I think the place doesn't have its own colour. Another typical Korean dining and shopping areas... I think Seoul city official needs to be more strategic to plan this place., August 2016
14,4.0,Avengers Assemble,"Having seen the movie ""Avengers: Age of Ultron"", I found the architecture of these artificial islands (or islets) in the Han River in Seoul, which were featured in the film, to be striking and futuristic, so I was determined to see them for myself when visiting Seoul. They are a", March 2016
15,2.0,You'll be disappointed.,"Despite this 'floating island' is located to exactly where I was born, I'm not sure it's really worth visiting it.", August 2015
16,4.0,Nice Architect along Hangang,Nice architecture along Hangang (River). Many restaurants around this place. It's better to come around evening.... nice scenery., October 2015
17,4.0,Good cultural tour upon arrival from Incheon,We toured Sevit immediately upon arrival from Incheon International Airport. It's a great way to see some cultural scenery and fascinating architecture. The retail had some decent choices. Highly recommend walking about and strolling down the bike path. , November 2015
18,3.0,Chameleon building,"Went to see the singing bridge with fountains and lights, but I have checked this as well. Had an interesting (and overpriced) tea at CNN café and then checked all the moving lights from the outside.", April 2015
19,4.0,Cool Lights!,"Had the chance to visit place during a City Tour Bus ride. While I didn't exactly love it, it was also great to see different sights apart from the usual Tourist Attraction.", April 2015
20,3.0,A new recreation park for family,"This place is quite new when I went there. The building is empty, the trees are small. There are water fountain with music also. I felt like most of the things are man-made and nothing much to see..  There are many gardens for family to picnic and play sports. It's a good place ", October 2011
