,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Great discovery ! ,We discovered by chance this tourism office where we get to try the traditional hanbok and took pictures. This was so much fun and the lady was super kind and nice !  A great worthy stop at Seocho to be immersed in Korean culture 🥰, November 2019
1,5.0,Excellent service ,We are in need to see a western doctor and  the staff is able to assist with the much needed information and direction. Thank you for helping. , September 2019
2,5.0,Wish there were more of these around Korea!,"The women here very friendly and helpful telling us about all the popular sites (like Kakao Friends, Samsung store) around Gangnam Station, which is the most must-see place south of the Han River. They have free maps and guides in multiple languages, and we even got to take", June 2019
3,5.0,Excellent professionalism and involvement of the staff. Excelente profesionalidad e implicación del personal.,Excellent professionalism and involvement of the staff. It is the second year that we have come to Seoul and continue with a HIGH attention level. I went with my 2 year old son and after meeting them he did not want to leave. Very nice and professional.  Excelente, June 2019
4,5.0,Very accommodating,They really helped during my solo trip and was able to try hanbok and gayageum for free 🤗 진짜 재미있있어요 👍👍, May 2019
5,5.0,Great experience,"It was fun to try the traditional outfits. Playing with the instruments was really cool and interesting. It's a nice experience, do not take too long and well located. The staff was very welcoming", May 2019
6,5.0,Wonderful experience at Seocho Tourist Information Centre,"We're blessed to meet friendly and helpful customer service team, Clara/Uri. Great experience and explanation to  wear traditional attire while playing the traditional musical instrument", December 2018
7,5.0,Unique Experience ,I came to this place for some travel information. The people were very helpful and friendly. Miss Shin Uno even showed me how to play their traditional musical instrument which was fun. She helped to take photos and also made a wee video too. I think people should make a stop, November 2018
8,5.0,So helpful,"We stopped past just to book a tour. They were really helpful and friendly and after our tour was booked, they invited us upstairs to the Korean music Hall, where we got to play some traditional instruments wearing traditional clothing. Such a fun -and free-range experience;", October 2018
9,5.0,Amazing coustmer service,"I stopped by for some information, and was surprised by their amazing customer service. They are so friendly, approachable and helpful. In addition, they offered an unexpected traditional experience with Korean traditional outfits and music instruments. They also offered", August 2018
10,5.0,What a surprise!,We just pop in to ask for a few recommendations and we ended up experiencing the korean traditional instruments while dressing their tipical costumes (hanbok)! We had fun doing that and she give us great tips of what to do and where to it! Excellent customer service!, August 2018
11,5.0,Very Friendly and Helpful,"At first, we entered the centre with just a few questions about Gangnam but we were later swept away by the most friendly and helpful customer service! They showed us places to go that we had never thought of before and provided us with maps and directions. After, we discovered", July 2018
12,5.0,Fun experience,We only stopped by with a quick question about the Gangnam photo spot for our teenage daughter and were bowled over by the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. In addition we also got invited to try out the beautiful traditional Korean dress and musical instruments, July 2018
13,5.0,Great surprise!,"My wife and I stumbled upon this beautiful little place with incredible staff, very friendly and helpful! We got to see ancient Korean music and dress up in the costumes! It was AMAZING!!!! A MUST SEE!!!!!", July 2018
14,5.0,Informative and Fun Tourist Center right in Gangnam,"I got off the subway station at Gangnam square and saw this two story information center. I walked in to inquire about the area and two staff members helped orientate me to the area and I walked away with plenty of things to do. Not to mention, if you go upstairs you get to try", June 2018
15,5.0,Quick visit to Gangnam ,What a treat!!  We stopped by for a map and they were very nice. Go upstairs and try on some traditional Korean costumes and play some instruments.  Fun!, June 2018
16,5.0,Cool info center,"We came in to get some info about the area, and got to try traditional music clothes and instruments. Really nice and helpful staff and a nice experience. ", March 2018
17,5.0,Nice place and nice people,"The place was really nice, and the people are super helpful, and happy. We were well received and we got a lot of information, and recommendations about where to go. It was very easy to communicate with them too.   Thank you :)", March 2018
18,5.0,Super staff,Popped in for directions to the Gangnam sign and ended up experiencing the traditional music hall! It was interesting to play the musical instruments beautifully set up upstairs. Staff are super friendly! Thanks for a FaB time :), March 2018
19,5.0,Very helpful with information and cultural experience! ,I happen to find this place while walking around and was delightfully surprised by my experience. Uno was very helpful with providing information about the area...  but best of all she provided an amazing cultural experience allowing me to try traditional instruments and clothes, March 2018
20,5.0,Good place to start exploring gangnam,"I wasn't sure where to start exploring this area of Seoul, so I walked in here. They answered my questions and I was able to try out traditional Korean instruments. They will keep me posted on upcoming walking tours so I am really excited about that. ", March 2018
21,5.0,Amazing free experience for everyone!,We came in only to take some pamphlets but didn't expect friendly people at the information center. We received some very good information on places to visit such as the k-star road and museums. Even had such a good time with the gugak experience upstairs which was completely, March 2018
22,5.0,Experience the Korea traditional instruments and Enjoy food ,"Hi ~ I enjoyed playing Gayageum which is really hard to find the place where I can play it. This instrument is quite expensive. I am so happy to find the place to play it. Someone who is interested in playing Gayageum, Geomungo and Janggu. It is so amazing experience. I am so", February 2018
