,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Nice museum,"While visiting Seoul, my son kept asking to see dinosaur bones so we decided to check out the Seodaemun Museum of Natural History.  We arrived just after the museum opened at 9 and we were the only ones there.  The entrance fee for adults is 6,000 won and it’s free for kids under 5.  The museum was fairly standard for a natural history museum.  There was a section on dinosaurs, beautiful rocks, cool insect displays, live fish and insects, some stuffed animals, evolution, fossils, etc.  Overall, it’s a nice museum and good for a couple hour visit.  There is a cool looking slide outside, but it was raining while we were there so we didn’t use it.  While we were finishing up at the museum several school groups arrived.  I recommend getting there early in order to avoid the school groups.  There was a snack shop at the museum and also a small gift shop.  We got off at the Gajwa metro station and took a taxi from there.  It would be a bit of a ways to walk from the metro station plus there is a steep hill going up to the museum.", June 2017
1,4.0,Very good !!,, February 2017
2,4.0,Good museum!!,, February 2017
3,5.0,So good,, October 2015
4,5.0,Small but nice,It was smaller than we thought it would be but it did not disappoint! We have a 2 and 3 year old and they liked it. Not an all day trip though. 3 hours max., June 2016
5,5.0,Great Rock & Minerals Collection,"I have seen many Natural History Museums and this is for sure not the largest but the rock and minerals collection displayed here is absolutely outstanding. Seoul has a lot to offer tourist, so depends on the time available to you and your interests; you may consider visiting Seodaemun Museum. There is no subway station near the museum and you will have to walk up/down hill for about 10 min to reach the Bus Stop. You can also take a taxi which is usually at a reasonable cost in Seoul.", October 2015
6,4.0,"Nice history, beautiful architecture, great location","This structure and museum is like a step back in time for Korean heritage and culture.  It is very beautiful here, especially around fall and/or spring.  After a short trip to this museum, you can easily go around the corner and you will be in a very central location to shop, eat, etc.", November 2014
7,3.0,A Fun Afternoon Trip,, February 2014
8,4.0,Amazing museum with mystique,, February 2013
