,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Paying my respect ,"Last week I went to visit Seodaemun Prison - a former prison that first opened in 1908. It was used during the Japanese colonial era where Korean Freedom Activists were imprisoned and tortured. After the colonial era ended in 1945, the prison was used by Korean government until", January 2020
1,5.0,Nice historical visit,"Historic and informative, took around 1 hour and a half to see everything around the prison. Ticket is 3000 won.", December 2019
2,4.0,Worth seeing.  ,"Prison was in use until the late 1980s.  Good discussion of Japanese imperial prisoner treatment, less discussion of post Japanese political prisoners.  Some translation available", January 2020
3,4.0,Brutal reality of history & japanese occupation,, December 2019
4,4.0,A monument to brutality and freedom,This museum is strikingly different from every other historical site that we visted in Korea. It's quite raw in its preservation of the buildings and in its descriptions of the crimes committed here by the Japanese and the Korean miltary government. The photographs in the women's block strike home., November 2019
5,4.0,"Interesting historical site, try to avoid the school tours ","Well thought out museum that gives an insight into Korea’s history and their relationship to Japan. As others have mentioned, if you are unfortunate enough to coincide your visit with a school tour then this really detracts from the experience. It is difficult to be affected by the torture cell displays when you are surrounded by screaming kids whose teachers do not control them. The museum staff also do not intervene. I also liberated a young man who had been locked in a cell by his ‘friends’.", October 2019
6,4.0,Prison Museum,Very interesting history with a clear anti Japan sentiment coming across through the historical story being told., October 2019
7,5.0,history and education ,, October 2019
8,5.0,Piece of history,"It's very easy to get there, by using the Orange subway line, hence I would absolutely recommend going. If gives you an amazing insight, of the status of Korea, during the Japanese occupation. Even if you're not to interested in history, it's worth to pay a visit to get a general view.", November 2018
9,4.0,educational experience,, July 2019
10,5.0,History learning,, September 2019
11,5.0,eye-opening,"there is so much to learn about what happened during the japanese occupation.  this is a prison where koreans supporting the resistance movement were imprisoned and tortured.  you can walk through the prison halls where artists, poets, clergy were housed with artifacts from those times.  there are recordings (almost couldn't bear listening to the cries that i cried myself) of those that survived the prison.  the exhibits show recreations of interrogation rooms.  there's lots to read and take in so i would allot at least 2 hours.  powerful.", July 2019
12,5.0,wow,"I was not expecting it to wow me but the setup was actually very good.  It was not just empty rooms but displays and explanations of what each room and each building represented during its active days. Huge place as well. It shows how it was before, and the struggle by Koreans just to gain independence.  This is one attraction that helps explain why South Koreans are very nationalistic and very proud of their independence.", June 2019
13,4.0,Seodaemun Independence Park,, June 2019
14,5.0,Really interesting place ,, June 2019
15,4.0,Very  humbling experience,"I was very lucky to have a free tour guide for this. A very intelligent and well spoken kid ( he was only 14! ) was offering free guide for foreigners. Now everything became more meaningful as he went over the entire history of the prison and of Korea during those days. I do understand even better now why Japanese are not well-liked in Korea. Lots of kids with their teachers,  which is great. Respect for all the martyrs. Do yourself a favor and visit this place.", May 2019
16,5.0,Make this a priority,Visit with a local or a guide to better understand the history behind the prison hall. We were fortunate to tour the place with Luke from Meteor Youth Voluntary Club. He was well versed with the history and walked us through the exhibits providing interesting information and anecdotes of the famous prisoners incarcerated there. A solemn place indeed makes one marvel again at human courage and self sacrifice of these individuals., June 2019
17,5.0,Seodaemun Prison History Hall,, April 2019
18,2.0,Would have loved to learn more,, May 2019
19,5.0,Should-not-be-missed place to learn about history of Korean people,, May 2019
20,5.0,Profound experience-highly recommended,"Easy access-right off of Dongnimun subway stop. Brought my teenage son so he could get a sense of the Japanese occupation and the Korean resistance movement.  We had visited the Seoul Museum of History the day before, but the Seodaemun Prison History Hall truly brought the content alive.  There’s no comparison to walking the actual grounds where political prisoners were once held. As others have commented, I only wish more of the exhibits were translated to English.  Also I noticed there were tributes to student/worker/pro democracy activists, but they were only in Korean, and I wish I could’ve understood what they said.", March 2019
21,5.0,Chills on prison hall,, February 2019
22,4.0,Impressive,"A visit to the Seodaemun Prison will leave a lasting impression. We went on a calm Sunday morning. From the subway station (exit 5) you will walk straight to the former prison. The museum details the cruelties commited by the Japanese in the early 20th century, but gives little information about the time when the prison was in use during the second half when a lot of Koreans whom critiques the Korean government were imprisoned there.", January 2019
23,4.0,"Easy to get to, moving exhibits, but noisy groups",, October 2018
24,5.0,Absolute must visit!,"I can't believe how amazing this museum is, absolutely chilling and surreal. It's so important to intake in the history of the country you are visiting and I had an unforgettable experience. I also had a local with me as some parts are in Korean and he was able to read and explain it to me.  However be warned this can be a very emotional experience.", October 2018
25,5.0,Like a Korean version of jewish memorial,"A place which reminds South Koreans of the brutal colonial rule of Japan. A nice place to see what Koreans suffered before earning their independence. A place to show respect. People are free to take photos, but it is important to remember that people died of torture here.", October 2018
26,4.0,"3.5 stars, Interesting place to learn how Koreans suffered under the Japanese",I have been to a few prisons and this one was pretty interesting although I would have liked to see more displays about how the prisoners lived. More models and displays would be good although there were a few. Walking around the prison and imagining the painful history was interesting. There is also good hiking nearby and I would recommend going hiking early in the morning and then visiting the prison afterwards (especially in summer)., August 2018
27,5.0,Such pain and suffering,, April 2018
28,4.0,Interesting Place,"We have been to many prisons around the world, and this one had its own unique way to memorialize its prisoners.  Instead of death masks or head molds we have seen elsewhere (of newly executed prisoners), here we saw many molds of prisoners’ feet.  These were presented on individual prisoner plaques, with a three-dimensional view of the bottoms of their feet.", January 2018
29,1.0,Overrun by Poorly Behaved Children,"I was really excited about seeing this. As we walked around, there were no less than 50 groups of children (likely on field trips from school). The children were running around, screaming, and in my opinion, being completely disrespectful in an area where many people died so that they could have freedom. Their teachers largely ignored the behavior, and used microphones with speakers to talk to the children creating such a loud a chaotic environment that we could not possibly concentrate on the tour. The reason why I give it one star is because even though there were signs all over asking for people to be quiet and there were staff members in every room, I didn't see  single staff member as the children or teachers to abide by the signs and be quiet. We left with headaches, shame :(", April 2018
30,5.0,So sad what people can do to each other,This was another find by accident. We spent a full day here and had a day of sadness & amazement of the human spirit. The people were so badly treated but seem to still keep their spirit and pride., April 2018
31,5.0,A MUST!,"You may need to toughtlen up a little bit when you come here, but overall, it's a very good experience when you want to learn about Korea. However, there are some texts without English :( Despite that, I still enjoyed my time here. There are only few tourists around. Most people who were there when I came were students and those who are in their mandatory military training. So if you want to stay off the touristy track, do come to this place. Admission is only 3,000₩. :)", April 2018
32,5.0,A Surprise,"We originally decided to visit here to fill in time, and so glad we did. The whole site has been refurbished and takes at least an hour to complete the route they suggest. Very good displays and explanations in English for us. As you walk around you could imagine what it would have been like for the prisoners under Japanese rule. Usually places like this only keep 1 or 2 buildings as a museum and destroy the rest but here you get to view basically the full occupied site.", March 2018
33,5.0,View of Japan-Korea war,If u r interested in history of Korea u have to visit this place. The place is an old prison used during war agains activist. U may see torture and u ll feel how was hard for them to live there. And in addition if u r so sensitive u may be feel bad., October 2017
34,4.0,"Under-rated Historical Site in Seoul: 3,000 won for Adults",, January 2018
35,3.0,Good for History Buffs,"Visiting on a very cold winter day, it was a very sombre place that outlines the history of the Japanese rule over Korea. Womens underground prison was interesting and the details that keep the memory of the suffering alive are interesting. Not the best English translations, but you get the general idea in the selection of exhibits and information on display. The metal die casts of feet; photography images and small artifacts paint a sad picture of the unsettled time in Korean history. We visited while half the place was out of bounds due to a festival rehearsal, but the stunning voices of the opera singers throughout the dreary halls of prison cells seemed fitting somehow and made the experience better! Subway station directly at the main gate; basic toilet facilities and a small souvenir shop. Not the best museum in the city but definitely worth a visit.", November 2017
36,3.0,"Interesting, could do better with more language translations.","Prison was overall interesting and I could feel the solemn atmosphere of the different spots. However, they are not as inclusive in the sense that a lot of the signages are still untranslated and it makes me feel that I am missing out a little on the small details.", September 2017
37,5.0,Seodaemun Prison History Hall,"Seodaemun Prison History Hall is a monument of Korean history which chronologically illustrates Korean history of last 110 years. That alone is a reason why visitors of Seoul must visit that place. By visiting it, each individual can understand that part of Korean history and incredible power of will of Korean people to stand for themselfs. So it is a must see attraction in Seoul😀", November 2017
38,4.0,Good if you have time ,"Very close to the station - worth a visit. Unfortunately not everything in English, only really the sections about the torture/horrendous acts undertaken there. If you like to read everything at museums you may be a little disappointed. If you only have time for one museum I would go to the war museum but if you have time then definitely come here.", August 2017
39,4.0,History!! With a caveat...,"This should be a top attraction in Korea. The prison is actually a museum, that depicts not only the facilities of the prison and the atrocities perpetrated in it, with graphic pictures and, mostly, reconstruction of tortures with dummies, but also tells us the history of Korea's occupation by Japan (1910-1945). It is well organized and therefore easy to follow. Not everything is also in English but most of it is. The caveat is that I found it a little biased. It focuses strongly on the Japanese era and clearly is a strong criticism to that, which is OK. However, there is nothing about the period 1945-1987, during which the prison was run by Korea, after their freedom from Japanese occupation.", August 2017
40,4.0,"Interesting, but...",, July 2017
41,5.0,There are mosqitoes in the woods behind the prison.,, July 2017
42,4.0,Sobering experience,"I have been to Korea so many times, we hit all the top tourist places...decided to check this out with my son. It was a bit chilling knowing all the suffering that took place...not only at the hands of the Japanese, which was absolutely atrocious...but also at the hands of the various Korean governments which was just as bad. It was sad thinking back to the suffering of the Korean people had to endure throughout history...recommended to understand Korean history better.", July 2017
43,4.0,Interesting history well presented,"Firstly make sure you don't come on a Monday like I did as I found it closed (I should had known to check) I did return the following day thou, well presented and once again minimal cost to the attraction gives a good overview of how the prison adapted to the required changes over time with Japan's occupation.  If you are interested in these sort of attractions certainly worth a couple of hours spent here.", June 2017
44,4.0,Must visit. Very under rated,Travelled to the museum from myeongdong for under USD6. Museum is tourist friendly with descriptions in English. The tour route is nicely planned to so you wont have to wander around and just follow the arrows. We were lucky that there was an exibition on the student uprising which was very interesting. Per person cost about 2400 korean won, May 2017
45,5.0,Facinating,Really enjoyed the enjoyed the gardens which this building is situated. Some excellent picture taking. The emotional story is well described too., April 2017
46,4.0,Learn about the independent movement of Koreans,"Lively educational facility that demonstrates and memorialize the efforts paid by the people who struggled for independence.  The prison was designed by the Japanese.   It showed the prison lives and the brutality of the Japanese.   Detail descriptions in Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese.", April 2017
47,5.0,Worthwhile and educational ,"It was a worthwhile trip and educational for us as we learnt about the prisoners of war and how they were tortured. We were able to see the cells too, the gallows and many more. Good experience!!", February 2017
48,4.0,A Great Place to Educate Yourself on Japan-Korea's Relationship,"This is one of the only Museums that you have to pay for, but even so I have been to this place three times now. The compound is a nice escape from the busy streets of Seoul and the information inside is very educational. They have pamphlets in English, Chinese, and Japanese. Most of the information panels are in English and Hangul. However, the prisoner stories tend to only be in Korean.", February 2017
49,4.0,"Worth a visit, very educational",, January 2017
50,4.0,A good way to learn some of the history behind the Japan-Korea conflict,"A very enjoyable experience that has both hangul and english lettering as tour the facilities. When I went there was no guided tour, but it was easy to find your way around in the intended path as a result of arrows/signage. Incredibly cheap when I went, only 3,000 KRW and right off the subway line! Great for an afternoon visit.", April 2016
51,5.0,A Great History Lesson For All,, January 2017
52,4.0,Displays some of the ugly past of Japanese rule in Korea.,"Seodaemun Prison is well worth a visit to get a perspective of the Japanese treatment of Koreans during the occupation (1895-1945). Very interesting factual information and models give you a real life perspective of what it was like and how prisoners were treated. The wall of prisoner photographs brings you to the stark reality that young or old, you could find yourself imprisoned here - or worse....", October 2016
53,4.0,Prison,"Right by Dongnimmun St. Exit 5. Entrnace fee is 3,000 KRW. There is a small gift shop with good souvenirs from the place. Two floors. Good piece of history", December 2016
54,4.0,Bitter taste of the past,"Every country had a war , revolution or something like that. But when you see the real places understand life has a bitter taste for them. Dont miss the photo gallery at the end of museum.", March 2016
55,4.0,"scary place, to get a feeling of the japanese occupation period","dont expect lots of artefact, this prison is  standing to remind every Koreans that not so long ago Japanese came and tried to exterminate their freedom. If you are not Japanese, you should go and pay respect. visit the adjacent building where people were put to death (hanging) and realize how much different Korea has become today.", January 2016
56,5.0,A dark page in the Korean history,"Unlike other reviews I felt a little disappointed with the availability of English translations (about 2/3rd of all signs) or English subtitles on videos (only 1 out of 4/5) as without a guide I'd like to read everything to get a good understanding of what's on display. Nonetheless gives the museum a good impression of the horrible time during Japanese suppression. Spent about 2,5 hours. Entrance fee is comparable to other museums, couple of Euros per person.", October 2016
57,4.0,Worth a visit - educational and mostly in English,"I found this a very educational visit as I knew little of the Japanese rule over Korea. Most of the information was in English - not everything, but definitely enough to make this place a worthwhile place to visit. The park next door is a nice place to wander through too.", October 2016
58,5.0,Must visit when in Seoul,The prison is in a little memorial parc that is definitely worth visiting.  There are free guided tours done by students who want to learn english - so not a professional tour but quite good.  The visit is well organised and everything is in both Korean and English.  It's quite sad to see everything that happened in Korea and to all of those men and women who only wanted freedom.  You won't leave that place unaffected and it'll make you realise that freedom should never be taken for granted.  Amazing place.  It'll take you a few hours to visit the whole prison., July 2016
59,4.0,"Eerie, but Interesting ",, September 2016
60,5.0,Great place for history,, September 2016
61,5.0,Interesting place and a little eeiry,This is a museum of Korean life under Japanese occupation. There are lots to see and well worth a visit. Use line 3 and short walk from the station., August 2016
62,4.0,Korean History Lesson,, August 2016
63,4.0,Political History Tour,"A very interesting museum that takes a visitor from the colonial period through the 1980s. The story of Korean nationalism plays out through the displays. While there is little regarding the prison's use during the period following liberation, I was pleased to at least see some acknowledgment of the abuses suffered at that time by reformers. While the preponderance of the displays are in Korean only (this is Korea, after all), there are still enough English languages boards to inform the English-speaking visitor. This is a well done museum and a recommended stop for a visitor to Seoul - especially one who wants to understand the still-strained relationship with Japan and the emergent Korean nationalism that was torn apart in the Korean War.", August 2016
64,3.0,Quick tour enough,First reaction better than last. I wouldn't do this over other attractions. It's light on English details and very recreated v authentic. Good quick history lesson., August 2016
65,5.0,Insight of history,"Amazing complex not far from the city center that tells a lot of the hardship korea had to face while under japanese occupation.Shocking to see what humans are able to do to each other,but thru this hopefully we are able to learn.After all it is a prison,and it gives a feeling of sadness but also in a good sense.", July 2016
66,5.0,Informative Yet Fun,"We visited this early in the morning with at least two school groups.  The prison was well preserved and all the placards had very good English explanations.  It took us about 2 hours to walk through.  I found it a sad history and interesting insight into the way the Japanese attempted to suppress the spirit of the Korean people.  The school groups were fun to watch as the engaged with the various exhibits.  Go, it helps to tie the occupational history to the Korean War and see the beginnings of separate states.", June 2016
67,4.0,Good place to learn some history,Very nice place considering the genre. We were met by a volunteer tour guide who spoke excellent English and was very up on the history of the prison. It was a good place to spend the day learning a little history., July 2016
68,5.0,Eerie and intriguing ,, July 2016
69,3.0,Specially interested if you are into WWII stuff,"I guess it is a must for people that are into WWII stuff and history. It is well preserved, depicting specially the struggles of the more than 3,000 ""martyrs"" imprisioned there during the Japanese occupation of Korea, from 1910 to 1935. There is a whole section of the prison where the instruments of tortured are showed, plus testimonies, pictures, etc. Although you can follow in English, pretty much, there is a lot of stuff in Korean that it is not translated. Pretty shocking and graphic, make the actual American debate about ""water boarding"" a joke. It is not for everybody. I won't recommend it unless there is a specific interest.", June 2016
70,3.0,Somewhat one-sided,, May 2016
71,5.0,A must see for Korean history.,, April 2016
72,5.0,Wonderfu tour guide here.,"We really enjoyed our tour here, led by a young volunteer that spoke excellent english.  A must see place in Seoul for those who are history minded.", April 2016
73,5.0,Great history lesson ,"Trying to fill my time I came across this location in my guide book and it was worth the visit. For 3,000 won you get to walk around this huge prison museum and see the suffering Koreans endured during Japanese occupation. You may need 1.5 hours to tour this huge place. Great visuals with pictures and recreations of torturous methods used on prisoners.", April 2016
74,5.0,A must visit when in Seoul to understand its past and present,"The halls, the cells, the buildings, the stories and the displays will open your eyes to a dark period of Korean history but rather than focusing on the gruesomeness of the events that took place here, take a moment to reflect and understand the struggle for Korean Independence, the pride Koreans have for their country. It's a solemn place so place be respectful. keep quiet and use this visit to learn more and understand Korea better.", May 2015
75,4.0,Step Back Into Korean History,"Very well maintained, a lot of nice artifacts and displays.  Very friendly workers.  A nice place to visit to learn more about a different somewhat tilted side of Korean history.  Only drawback too much emphasis on how great and how hard the righteous Korean people fought off the yoke of Japanese occupation.  Nothing mentioned about the United States defeating the Japanese for Korea to regain its independence, or how many Koreans were snitches and spies who worked for the Japanese Kempeitai.  Nothing mentioned about how many teenagers President Park Chung Hee imprisoned there when he was president for tearing down a political poster and beaten to confess that it was his father’s idea (my father-in-law) to do that like what happened to my brother-in-law in 1971.  Overall a very nice day trip in conjunction with a walk down to Independence Park.", March 2016
76,4.0,Creepy and Necessary,I wandered to the prison one day when I had a few hours to spare. It was a hard to face reality of the Japanese occupation. But it is part of the history and I did see many young families there. There were wax figures in the torture section that may be scary to young children. (It can be bypassed since the walk is self guided). There is a replica of the prison exercise yard and several of the cell blocks. Not much in English - but really not needed., March 2016
77,4.0,Interesting,To be done your last day in Seoul. Shows how corean prisoners were treated by the Japanese. Edifying., February 2016
78,4.0,Insight into a less well know piece of Korean history.,"This is an interesting prison well layed out and easy to get to on the metro, Dongnimmun station. Located close to other major sights it is worth a visit if you like history and only takes a couple of hours. Not all the information is in English but most is. The museum covers the time of the Japanese occupation and includes a section on torture, so emotive but presented in a informative way.", February 2016
79,4.0,An interesting piece of history,"Old prison from the Japanese colonial era turned into a museum. There is a lot of information, signage also available in English. There is also a large portion of the outside grounds available to walk around and see. Even though I went on a weekend, it wasn't very crowded as it isn't a top tourist attraction, though I do suggest a visit here to see a different side of Seoul and it's history. The whole complex can easily be seen in little more than one hour. Photos are allowed.", January 2015
80,3.0,"Decent museum, but it's no Alcatraz","Interesting landmark in Seoul; I think it would clearer if they changed the name to the Korean Patriot History Hall because that is what the museum truly focuses on. If you are expecting an Alcatraz-type tour, you will be disappointed.", October 2015
81,5.0,Worth a visit,Sobering reminder of the struggle that this county endured for its independence.  Amazing juxtaposition in looking at the grounds of the prison yard with the skyscrapers and apartment complexes nearby., October 2015
82,4.0,Good Day Trip if you like history/cultural measumes,Glad we went to get to see the culture and history. The hall had a lot of different buildings to walk around and get different perspectives from different stories. Very informative and interactive., May 2015
83,4.0,Feel like a prisoner,"My trip to Korea doesn’t stop at garden, villages and good food. I took a detour to a prison in Seoul. This is Seodaemun prison, among the largest prison in Seoul in the past era, when South Korea is still under Japanese colonization. You can’t get too excited on the main gates. It has a watch tower, lovely red bricks wall and a metal. That is about it. Let’s go in, I am sure there are “nostalgic” stuff within. Visitors are immediately greeted with some of the tools used for locking up prisoners. The next section bring us to some interrogation chamber, torture chambers where we witness how Japanese forcing the prisoners or detainee to admit wrong-doing that they didn’t commit. I move on to visit the actual cell where prisoners kept. The classic scary element is there - long aisle, dim interior, and the metal clanking noise upon door swinging open. Many people died here. The atmosphere may be calm and peace, but we are constantly reminded of the remaining lingering soul and ghost.", July 2015
84,4.0,Worth a visit,Interesting place. Easy to walk around in a couple of hours. Tells a very interesting story of the effects of the Japanese rule. I would have liked to hear the eye witness accounts from the prisoners but they were only available in Korean. Interesting explanations of some of the things the Japanese did to ensure they maintained absolute control over the   Korean prisoners., September 2015
85,3.0,Interesting but not all that impressive,"Seodaemun Prison is a unique attraction amongst all the towers, temples, museums or palaces you might have the opportunity to visit in Korea. It's definitely worth visiting. The surrounding Seodeamun Independence Park (with its statues, grass paths, pools) is also nice and the prison sits it very nicely. The prison is a great yet troubling and horrifying way to learn about Korea's complex history. However, keep in mind that visiting the prison doesn't take more than an hour. And while many museums in Korea are foreigner-friendly, with a lot of explanations in English, the prison overall lacks context. This is especially regrettable because for people who might not be well familiar with the Japanese occupation of Korea, they might miss on what this museum trully means and represents. Finally, while most major museums in Korea are free, the prison, while also public, costs 3000 KRW to visit. Not expensive, but still surprising that you have to pay more to visit this than the National Museum of Korea for example...", September 2015
86,4.0,"This is the nicest prison you'll ever visit, but will leave feeling terrible...","The Seodaemun Prison History Hall is an epic monument that clearly shows the evil nature of the Japanese captors because there are dozens of torture chambers and methods that were used against Koreans. Yes, the Japanese did much worse when they burned down Royal Palaces and tried to erase Korean History, but nothing remains from those atrocities. Here, for example, you can see or actually step into these horrific caskets used for psychological torture. There are many other examples of how Koreans were enslaved in this museum. It's so real, you'll feel it. One of the better remnants that tells the truth of history through meticulous preservation. Plz go if you have the time...", October 2014
87,4.0,Interesting and informative,A well-maintained and informative place to learn a bit about one aspect of Korea's history. Quite a large compound which took around 1-2 hours to explore and even had a free digital photo booth for you to use as a souvenir., December 2014
88,3.0,Interesting Spot,"I am glad that I took the time to visit this spot. It's not on my top 10 list of things to see in Seoul, but it did help me to gain some insight into the animosity between South Korea and Japan.", August 2015
89,4.0,Historic,This place was used to be a prison when Korea was under the Japanese administration. It shows cruelty of Japanese and you can feel the spirit of the old Korean people who worked for the independence., January 2015
90,4.0,A Gem of a Place,, June 2015
91,5.0,A blatant reminder......,I found the whole museum to be a fascinating place to visit. The reminders of the Japanese occupation of Korea and the cruelty inflicted upon the Korean people were blatant and graphic. Also the era of Korean history where despotic military leaders imprisoned anyone who spoke out against the regime. The prison museum is in tact and provides a chilling reminder of life behind bars right up to 1987., July 2015
92,5.0,Very moving,"This attraction is a must-do for anyone interested in history. There is not a lot of information provided in English in the museum, but the story of the torture and imprisonment which took place here is made clear. The basement of the museum building is where the actual torture took place - seeing the life-sized figures in the cells and hearing the soundtrack of someone screaming gave me goosebumps! The little hut where those found guilty were executed is also very poignant. The cell block and exercise yards are the other points of interest. The prison is a bit out of the way, but a really interesting and moving place to visit if you get a chance.", July 2015
93,5.0,Great museum,"A great museum, and a good lesson in the history between Japan and South Korea. It really touches your heart, and you can feel the despair in the walls.", October 2014
94,4.0,Good history lesson,Interesting way to spend an hour or so. Nice film and displays. But for most people not a primary attraction. Suggest combining it with a visit to a nearby Palace. Easy to get to by subway., June 2015
95,4.0,A Piece of Korean History in the Middle of Seoul,, June 2015
96,3.0,Seodaemun Prison History Hall,"An interesting museum that used to be a prison during the japanese occupation. It's right in front of dongnimun station and next to a big park. You'll see the huge prison walls and a small entrance. Each building has exhibits.  Actually, some of the are a bit disturbing. I don't recommend bringing children. Bring  a drink. watch your head when you go to lower levels.", September 2014
97,5.0,Favorite historical site in Seoul,"The prison hall museum offered a moving view of the deep struggles of those who fought for freedom. Some parts were difficult to see and some parts are not translated in English, but this doesn't take away from it being a very significant experience. You get to see how the prisoners were held and how they died. Very moving experience.", June 2015
98,4.0,"Witness how freedom fighters been tortured, their cell, and executed.",, April 2015
99,5.0,Pre-Modern Korean History Full Immersion,Be prepared to experience the Korean version of Alcatraz except here you will find memorials of those who fought and sacrificed their lives for their people and for their country.  Beautifully preserved early 20c architecture serves as a great reminder of the struggles Korean ancestors endured to bring the country to where it is today., March 2015
100,3.0,Park with dark history,"It's an open park with historic buildings, you can still see where the executions were held and depressing prison preserved.", April 2014
101,5.0,Really great first-hand view of history,"We spent about 2 hours walking through this prison. Most of it is as it was during use, which made for a fascinating look at how the Japanese treated Koreans during the Japanese occupation. Most of the signs are in English so I had no troubles understanding. It's a must see if you are in to visiting historical sites.", December 2014
102,5.0,Experience History Firsthand,"If you're a history buff, this is a sit not to be missed when vising Seoul. It's a heartwrenching experience yet fascinating at the same time. A part of Korea's painful past, this site will help to understand why Koreans still criticize Japan for their colonialism of Korea. The tour is well laid out and history comes alive.", March 2014
103,5.0,A painful history which can be felt,, September 2014
104,4.0,Seodaemun Prison History Hall,, December 2014
105,5.0,The highlight of my week in Seoul,"I am just so glad I got to see this unfortunate slice of history come alive. The torture, the beatings, the hardship, the desperation and isolation of the exercise yard and the solitary confinement. It's all here. Superbly laid out and wonderfully preserved for future generations. This was the best thing I did while I was in Seoul. How the prison doesn't even make the top 20 attractions is just beyond me. Please go. You won't regret it.", December 2014
106,4.0,Needs More English,, October 2014
107,5.0,"Sobering, Yet Accessible, Well-done History Site","Seodaemun is an education in the occupation of Korea by Japan from about 1910 [yes!] to 1945. It's great place to learn about the Korean independence movement, the underground resistance, and their brutal treatment. Seodaemun was a prison a decade before the Second World War! There are four main buildings, all well-worth the walk through. The emphasis here avoids bitterness and revenge and stresses education and forward-looking. It is easily accessible via subway. It has nice amenities, including clean restrooms, refreshments, and a nice gift shop. well worth a visit.", August 2014
108,5.0,Amazing and humbling at the same time,"A fantastic insight to what it was like when Japan colonized and how they went about to eradicate the language, education, and culture of Korea. So sad, but we see how a young college girl becomes a martyr for her country. The daily life of the prison reminds of the Civil War POW prisons in the US. This single sight is forever etched in my memory to portray the struggles of Koreans under Japanese rule.", October 2013
109,5.0,A bit of History I never knew about,This place was one of the last places I visited on my trip to Korea and it was by far one of the best sites to see only costing 3 wons (3 dollars). I arrived early so not too many people were there and it made it so much more interesting to feel the emptyness of those cell blocks. All the exhibits were translated to english so it was informative as well as educational., August 2014
110,5.0,A Sad Piece of History,Truly a moving experience. This is a definite must see to witness the atrocities and capabilities of mankind. After this visit it certainly changed my perspective on the Japanese culture and treatment of Koreans. Would fully recommend visiting and paying homage to the souls that were taken during the occupation., September 2013
111,4.0,Prison visit,"Well organised attraction. I was a little disappointed in the gift shop, but otherwise no complaints.", July 2014
112,4.0,"A somber, but meaningful visit.","Want to understand what older Koreans have against the Japanese? Pay a visit to this well-explained prison museum. Disturbing at times, but always moving, the museum compares itself to other memorials to human suffering such as Auschwitz and the Anne Frank house in Amsterdam. As long as you're interested in history, you can easily spend a couple hours touring the grounds and exhibits. I would be careful about bringing small children, though. Some of the exhibits include instruments of torture. And one of the restored jail cells has an audio recording of a prisoner pleading to be let out.", April 2014
113,4.0,Provides a Balanced Visit to Seoul,This prison museum provides a well rounded view of Korean cultural and political changes over the last 100 years or so.  Well organized and mostly English speaker friendly.  Right next to a subway stop., October 2013
114,4.0,Important in Understanding Korean History,, April 2014
115,4.0,Interesting place to go.,, May 2014
116,4.0,"Gloomy and depressing, but go if you love history",, July 2013
117,4.0,Painful side of recent Korean history.,, May 2014
118,5.0,"This is disturbing, but an important place to see","One wouldn't call this place fun, by any means, but they have done a wonderful job of portraying the brutality of such prisons and of describing a painful part of Korea's history.  It's easy to move around here, there are lots of open spaces between buildings, and it's right on the subway line.  People interested in history, and in Korean history in particular, should definitely take the time to visit this important site.", February 2014
119,4.0,Worth the trip,"It is no auschwitz take of that what you will, but it still a stark reality and a peice of history that most people do not visit. The presentation and the history lit before the actual buildings are Korean heavy, so recommended to have someone with you for translations, I was lucky enough to have someone with me who spoke Korean, but what we did find that the translations omitted certain things in either the English or Korean, so be wary of the translations that are presented for you. Overall a must see as it helps really make you realize how much S.Korea has changed in such a short time.", October 2013
120,5.0,Educational and Interesting.,This museum highlights a part of Korean history that some may choose to forget. You can tour the actual rooms where they tortured prisoners. This can be very disturbing but it is also educational as you cannot forget what happened to these people. You cannot imagine living in such a place and going through what these people did. This museum is a bit far from the city center but we got there by subway and then walked so make sure you have good directions., May 2013
121,5.0,Very thought provoking museum,I'm not usually that impressed with museums but visiting Seodaemun Prison History Hall ended up being one of the highlights of our time in Seoul. It's design is very visitor friendly and the information is presented in various interesting ways. I found the visit very thought provoking and it gave me a much better understanding of Korea's difficult history., September 2013
122,4.0,Interesting and provoking,"This a prison built during the Japanese occupation in 1907 to house political prisoners, men, women and even juveniles arrested for resisting Japan's colonial occupation. After the liberation of 1945 it continued to house prisoners until it was finally closed in 1987.  Since much of it was dismantled before being turned into a history museum, some of it has actually been rebuilt. The main prison hall, workshops, and execution building however are the intact original, and stand as an eerie reminder of Korea's unfortunate history. The museum displays instruments of torture, photographs taken of prisoners, and you can enter solitary confinement cells to get a glimpse of how harrowing it must have been for those who suffered. LCD screens give eye witness accounts from actual survivors. Elderly men and women still bearing physical and emotional scars, describe the brutality they endured as prisoners. Although the narrative is soaked in Korean nationalism, the overriding theme is that the museum should serve as a reminder of the sacrifices made by independence activists, and it does. The tour takes about 2 hours. If poignant and sombre history is something you like to take in, then it is worthwhile. It only costs a few dollars, and afterwards you can take short taxi or bus ride to Shinchon, where you can find great places to eat, street food, arty cafes and shopping.", January 2014
123,4.0,,, December 2013
124,3.0,"Its good, but all in Korean",, November 2013
125,4.0,Humbling and Educational,, October 2013
126,4.0,Funny place to visit... great for photos,, October 2013
127,4.0,A Stirring Memorial,"Visiting here you will see many school children visiting this facility. It is quite a somber experience much like going to the Pearl Harbor Arizona memorial, a bit depressing because this prison is hwere the Japanese housed political prisoners during its occupation of Korea.   but history holds pleasant and difficult memories. This is one of the somber ones. But once you visit here you can hike your boots off by heading uphill to find the remaining route of the wall around Seoul liking up with the Bukhansan national Park route - that was a tremendous full day hike around the outskirts of Seoul.", October 2012
128,5.0,Chilling prison complex,, October 2012
129,5.0,Definitely worth a trip,, August 2013
130,5.0,Definitely worth your time,, August 2013
131,5.0,Different side to Seoul,, August 2013
132,5.0,A must-see for any visitor to Seoul,"This museum was extremely well done.  It tells a very interesting and chilling part of Korea's history.  Before travelling to Korea, I knew very little about Korea's history prior to the Korea war.  This museum focuses on the early part of the 20th century when Korea was occupied by Japanese forces.  The prison was used to house revolutionaries fighting for Korea's independence.  The museum starts a little slow, but as you continue, you get to walk through buildings and facilities that were actually used at that time (some are replicas).  It is really frightening to hear when went on in those buildings in the not so distant past and a very moving experience to be standing in them when you learn about it.  The entire experience was quite emotional, but extremely eye-opening and well worth the the time to visit.  I highly recommend it for any visitor to Seoul.", June 2013
133,5.0,A must see when in Seoul,"This prison was built in the early 1900s by the Japanese and is kept as a historical reminder of what happened to Koreans during this time. It is a very sad, eye opening museum. Walking through the prison and seeing the cells where people were tourtured was a harrowing experience. The prison is very cheap to enter- only a few thousand won, and you can look around at your own pace- either with or without headphones.  If you go in winter, be sure to wrap up extra warm- it was colder inside the old prison than out!", January 2013
134,4.0,Worth a visit if you have time,Worth a visit though off the beaten track a bit ( though that's a good thing often enough). Explanations are in English and it's well laid out and easy to navigate the buildings. Recommended if you want to learn more about recent Korean history though I wouldn't bring the kids as the place tells quite a harrowing story., April 2013
135,5.0,Seodaemun Prison is a Good Reminder of History,"I almost did not go to this prison since it was a little out of the way for me. But I had already seen all the wonderful palaces in Seoul and decided to take my family here. Wow! Glad I did. The prison was built in 1908 and is a vivid reminder of Japanese cruelty to the Koreans by the Japanese during their many years of occupation and subjugation of Korea. There are photographs documenting the cruelty and you can even go into cells where the Koreans were held. My kids learned an important lesson about war, torture and cruelty of one people by another and hopefully they will remember this when they grow up and become leaders in their own lives. My son opined, ""it's hard to believe how low humans can go."" he is right. This prison is a good learning experience and should be on your list of places to visit just as the European concentration camps are a terrible reminders.", November 2012
136,5.0,Important and intresting,, October 2012
137,4.0,"Seodaemun, Not for Children",, July 2012
138,3.0,Prison insights,This museum gives an overview of prison facilities prior to 1910. Torture methods and instruments are on display. Interesting but not to exciting..., September 2012
139,4.0,"If you have spare time, fit this place in",It's not in my top few places to visit but if you have say approx 5 days in SK then you can fit this place in. It's quite large and inexpensive to visit. It informs of the horrible torture the Japanese gave the Koreans and some other historical information about SK., July 2012
140,4.0,Very sobering experience,It was very informative and well laid out.  It tells a very sobering and thought provoking history of the prison and the main reason why it was built.  It certainly makes you count your blessings., June 2012
141,4.0,"Humbling, educational experience",, July 2011
142,5.0,Amazing History Experience,, January 2012
143,4.0,Very good place to learn,, December 2011
144,4.0,worthwhile stop...,, September 2011
145,4.0,"Definitely worhtwhile, but beware the schoolchildren","This was a most unique and interesting hisorical site.  This prison has been brilliantly restored to better convey the atrocities committed during Japanese occupation of Korea.  Although this should be a quiet, even solemn visit, the noise level of the many school groups made the visit frustrating at times.  The children had very little supervision and were running around and yelling.  Many of the displays depict the various types of torture inflicted upon the prisoners.  I'm not even sure that school aged children should be looking at this type of thing.  Nonetheless, this site is very informative and so historically important it should be visited.", April 2011
