,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,One of the most peaceful places in Seoul,"This is an artificial lake in Seoul. Watching calm water, it's good to stroll around. - Famous for its cherry blossom blooming in early April. - Warmer than other areas in winter. - There are ducks and geese. People love to watch them. - Good to visit together with Lotte World", December 2019
1,4.0,Beautiful at night,"The lake is very popular in spring with its cherry blossoms. In autumn it is a lot quieter. Walking around the lake at night is very relaxing. Getting to the lake is quite easy by subway. Just get off at Jamsil Station and take Exit 2 (of the subway). Turn left a bit and cross the road. That takes you to Exit 1 of the Express Bus Terminal; there is a small walkway down to the left side of the lake. If you cross the road to the opposite side, it is Exit 2 of the Express Bus Terminal; a small walkway on the side takes you to the right side of the lake (with the Lotte fun park). To the first timer, it can be confusing after getting out of Exit 2 (of the subway) to see another Exit 2 after you cross to the opposite road corner.", October 2019
2,5.0,Beautiful in Spring,"This park is a must to visit in Spring! It is accessible by train, we alighted the station near the Lotte World Mall and had our lunch first. Flowers blooming everywhere and cover the whole Lake. We also can see the Lotte World Theme Park from the park. We spent walking around 1 hour to cover the whole lake - there are 2 sides of the lake.", April 2019
3,5.0,A Must Place to Be To Catch Cherry Blossom,, April 2019
4,4.0,"Nice place for cherry blossom, but crowded ","Went there during lunch hour, very crowded. But the view of the lake with cherry blossom is fantastic and Romantic. You can also view the Lotte tower next to it. Don’t miss this if you go to that area.", April 2019
5,5.0,Romantic place wd cherry blossom!!,, April 2019
6,4.0,Seokchonhosu Lake - Songpa Naru,"At Songpa-gu, Seokchon Lake, a must visit to the Songpa Naru , the 1000 meters path around the lake side , with arrays of cherry blossoms along both side of the path. To visit during the evening time - another exotic experience to view the blooming flowers. Also, to see the scenic view of 120 floor Lotte World Tower at night time.", April 2019
7,5.0,Enjoying Cherry Blossom Festival,, April 2019
8,5.0,Cherry Blossom festival ,Early April untill 11st April 2019 National Cherry Blossom Festival (벗꽃축제 beojk-koch-chug-je ) every year is different day please check before come. Next to the highest tower in Korea called ”Lotte world tower” also close by Lotte world I went to the lake on 8 April not too crowded they have some show also the stuff for sale along the lakeside., April 2019
9,5.0,Leisurely stroll + cherry blossoms,, April 2019
10,4.0,Cherry Blossom Festival,"Lovely cherry blossoms during the Festival in April. However, I did think the whole atmosphere was somewhat spoilt by the presence of the Lotte amusement park in the middle of the lake, complete with various park rides!", April 2019
11,5.0,Far and Worth It,"It was one hour away from where I stayed, Hongdae but it was all worth it. Went there first week of April and center of Seoul didnt have bunch of cherry blossoms so I was kinda disappointed until I went to Seokchon Lake. It was the best thing that met my eyes that week. Must go-to when you visit Seoul in Spring.", April 2019
12,5.0,Pretty in the midst of cherry blossoms,"Go for a leisure walk at Seokchon Lake ~ especially now during the spring. If you are here, go while the 2019 Cherry Blossom Festival is on for another few days. The walk is easy, paved and wheelchair accessible. There are cafes and food stands, and Lotte World Mall is next to the lake of course (and the Tower). There are benches and performances going on, so you can sit and relax and enjoy. In the evening, the lights go on illuminating the lake and the tower.", April 2019
13,5.0,Cherry Blossoms and a lovely walk,"Dropped by here today while out for a city walkabout. It was crowded but the lake is lovely in the spring weather and the blossoms, well.. you have to go see them.", April 2019
14,4.0,Great for leisurely walk,, November 2018
15,5.0,"Beautiful, especially during spring time!",, April 2018
16,5.0,What a gem of a place,"I went to Seokchon twice in the past few weeks. I went at the end of May and then again at the beginning of June. I loved it and will surely be going again. What a gem of a place - so peaceful and pretty 8n the hustle and bustle of Jamsil. There are coffee shops right there, and also many places to have a drink or eat out around the lake just across the street. The walking path along the lake is carpeted, this the ground is rely soft and comfortable to walk on, especially for me as I just started getting back to walking after my long ankle injury (broken ankle). I love how close it is to World Tower and World Mall, yet while at the lake it doexnt even feel like being in Seoul. 100% recommending it!", June 2018
17,5.0,Beautiful park with great views,"Great views of Lotte Tower, the 5th highest building in the world and very nice to stroll around. Come on a nice day and enjoy. Plenty of restaurants along the way.", April 2018
18,5.0,Good place to exercise!,"It is a nice place which has many machines to train , and after training, there is a road around lake I can run for 40min.  Also the place is nearby the lotto world, there is a beautiful view in the middle of the lake.  If I can come again, I must bring my girlfriend here.  這是個很棒的地方，裡面的公園就有重訓器材，可以做免費的訓練，也促進韓國人民的健康，在這做完訓練後還可以沿著湖邊的路跑步，很大一圈，沿途的風景也很漂亮，因為鄰近樂天世界，所以有許多情侶們在這約會，有機會再來的話我一定要帶自己的女友到這！", May 2018
19,5.0,Park walking season,I recommend to be visited during both autumn and spring when the weather is nice. The night view of Lotte complex including Lotte tower from the park is really stunning. I recently visited during cherry blossom season in the evening. The cherry trees are surrounded by special light which makes the walking more interesting., April 2018
20,5.0,I live near this lake. Amazing.,"You like walking? You like watching ducks swim? This is your place. A miraculous little spot right in the center of a concrete jungle - Seokchon Lake. When you visit during the spring, you will see truly amazing cherry blossom.", February 2018
21,5.0,Park and Lake,, October 2017
22,4.0,"Nice, wide walking paths and park area with a pretty view of the lake","I recently visited Seokchon Lake for the cherry blossom festival and found it to be one of the prettiest places in the city to see the blooms. Our group enjoyed taking photos and having a comfortable stroll on the nice, wide walking paths around the lake. We observed large carp swimming in the lake under the bridge. It was a fun afternoon and very peaceful, despite being fairly crowded for the festival.", April 2017
23,5.0,Cherry Blossoms,, April 2017
24,5.0,"Sweet swans at Seokchon Lake, Jamsil","So amazing place and attraction in the Seokchon Lake - a couple of Swans and their little babies ) April is so gorgeous in Seoul. Sakura, flower, love, family happiness in the air", April 2017
25,5.0,BEAUTIFUL!,"We were lucky to have been able to come here during the cherry blossom season. The walkways are lined with the blossoms surrounding the lake. I also noticed an orchestra around the bend (Obviously, I wouldn't assume this is regularly there) but it added to the great atmosphere of the place.", April 2017
26,5.0,Beautiful & Romantic Cherry Blossoms Along The Lake,, April 2017
27,4.0,Sweet Swan Project @ Seokchon Lake,, April 2017
28,5.0,Amazingly beautiful lake!,"The lake was not big and the trail around it was easy to walk. When we were there, the cherry blossom was in fully bloom which turned the lake into white and light pink, and I have to say it was amazingly beautiful! We enjoyed the beauty of the lake and the cherry blossom by walking 3 rounds around the lake. Highly recommend to visit it during the cherry blossom season!", April 2017
29,5.0,Seokchon Lake and more- all in one place,"Cherry blossoms, food truck, rock concert and an opportunity to see or climb the tallest building in Korea, the Lotte World Tower, the world's 5th tallest building!!! - all in one place: SEOKCHON LAKE. Right about now is when the cherry blossoms are in full bloom at Seokchon Lake. While you're there strolling, don't forget to check out the food trucks and the free concerts. If you can't make it during the day, don't worry, there's lighting on each and every tree so that people can enjoy the blooms even at night.", April 2017
30,5.0,Cherry Tree Blossom Festival ,Went to Seokchon Lake as all the Cherry Trees are in full bloom.  It was very beautiful as the paved path has Cherry Trees on both sides.  There is actually two small lakes that is connected and makes for a good walk around both of them.  Also you can see Lotte World and the newly open Lotte World Tower which is now the 5th highest Tower in the world.  Lots of people with families and couples enjoying the blossoms and taking pictures.  It's right across the street from Lotte Mall and it has a huge food court.  Highly recommend the walk around the lake and seeing the sites at the same time.  Very close to Jasmil Subway station., April 2017
31,5.0,Jewel,"A beautiful, breathtaking, soothing the eyes' park. Best to visit during the cherry blossom season. 200m away from Jamsil Station Exit 2 or with Lotte Mall on your left, walk straight for 5-10mins until you reach the intersection. You will see the park after the trafic light.", April 2017
32,4.0,Good trail course..  calm small lake in downtown.,, March 2017
33,4.0,Lake in Jamsil,Small and nice lake by the Lotte World. The Super Moon is a good spot for pictures. Pretty famous around the area, November 2016
34,4.0,Super Moon!,"I went here recently just to see the Super Moon floats on the lake, it was like an art exhibition by Los Angeles-based artists Samuel Borkson and Arturo Sandoval III. The exhibition only last for 1 month (Sept 1- Oct 3 2016). To reach here, alight at Jamsil Station (exit 1), and walk around 5mins by following the signboard. The moon itself will lights up starting from 6pm until 10pm everyday. During that time, this area was so crowded with peoples came here to see the lights changes colour for 4hours. But to avoid the crowd, I came here during the day, lol. Few pictures with the moon is enough for me, plus I got to do some morning walk around the lake too.", September 2016
35,4.0,Super moon event!!!,"Here is just a recreation area in a high developed city center. Green trees with a walking way around a beautiful calm lake. But nowadays there is an event like last year's rubber duck, so if you will be in Seoul till first week oct. You must surely see it. Ps : really really crowded !!!", September 2016
36,4.0,Cherry blossoms beautifully embroidering the city!,"Do visit Seokchon Lake when its Cherry Blossom is on! The cherry blossom festival - event normally takes place during early to mid April, when cherry blossoms are beautifully embroidering the city. In addition, a variety of performances, exhibitions, and hands-on activities will take place during the festival period.", April 2016
