,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Creative use of old infrastructure.,We found this park quite accidentally while in Seoul. The park is a short walk from Seonyudo subway station via a pedestrian walkway and bridge over the roads and river. Originally the site was a water treatment plant and it has been very cleverly converted into a very pleasant, October 2019
1,3.0,Tranquil park in Seoul city centre,The park is in the city but it is not quite easily accessible. One could travel by subway to Seonyudo station and walk towards the river. There is a walk-bridge (Seonyudo Bridge) right opposite the hospital. It takes about 15 minutes to reach the park. Another way (which I took), October 2019
2,4.0,Pretty Island Park,"This is a lovely park, especially with many of it’s beautiful trees turning their foliage to autumn tones. The park has many a good spot for a view or a private picnic. It has lots of shade trees and some great rolling lawn space. You can get a coffee and/or a pizza in the", October 2019
3,4.0,Interesting space on Hangang that feels like Gyeonggi,I visited the park last Saturday. The park itself is not very big and easily walkable though if you have knee problems enter the park from the main gate where the bus stops because the bridge path from the subway has many stairs and the elevator does not work (at least at this, June 2019
4,4.0,Tranquil oasis in the middle of the city,Seonyudo Park offers a place to escape the hustle and bustle of downtown Seoul - right in the middle of the city - on an island in the Han River. The park offers an interesting and clever transformation of a disused water purification plant into a contemporary botanic garden. As, May 2019
5,4.0,Great transformation of a water plant to a park,This is a unique park. It used to be a water treatment plant. Since I used to work in water treatment this park was extra appealing to me. I like how they were creative in reusing the facilities such as turning storage tanks into fish ponds. The park is on an island and a great, August 2018
6,5.0,Place to refresh for hardworking Koreans,"This is a fine little island park on Hangang(Han River) and is connected with the land by bridges. - Renovated and opened in 2002, there are still many people who don't know this place. I could find very few foreigners on the island as well. There's nothing much to have fun.", May 2018
7,5.0,Hidden Gem of a Park,This is a great little park that's actually reclaimed green space from a now-defunct water purification plant.  The city of Seoul has done a nice job of restoring this island to its citizens and travelers alike to come and relax and see the city from a nice angle.  There are, April 2018
8,5.0,Great little island park!,"Very nice quiet park. Can get a bit crowded, but nice stroll to/from Yeoido. It has its own station, or you can walk from Dangsan on the green line.", May 2017
9,4.0,Intriguing place,"A Maze Runner-esque park set on an island that must be one of the most vast and tranquil open space in Seoul. The island is connected to the mainland by a bridge that you can cross, though it might not be for the faint-hearted. There's a glasshouse and some other facilities  (a", June 2016
10,4.0,One of Seoul's Great Open Spaces,Set on an island in the Han River the park provides welcome open green space and leisure opportunities especially for locals but also visitors with some free time looking to escape the constant hub hub of down town Seoul  Take Metro Line 9 to Seonyudo - follow the signs from, September 2016
11,4.0,Seonyudo Park,Great place to escape crowds of tourists and relax after a long day of sightseeing. It's a quiet park with mysterious atmosphere. I went there during sunset and tha was the best decision: the views were really beatiful., May 2015
12,4.0,A pleasant escape from the city on a nice day,The other reviews are spot on. This is a very pleasant destination when the weather is nice and you want to take a break from the energy that surrounds you in Seoul. It's a great place to see the city from a different viewpoint., October 2015
13,4.0,If you have extra time in Seoul,"This place is peaceful and lovely.  If you need any down time while visiting in Seoul,  this is the place to walk around.  Mainly, local people went there for relaxing.  It has a piano to play with and green house and museum to browse through.  We went there as a part of two day", June 2015
14,4.0,Rather deserted,"When I went, it was early morning during the hottest summer days.  The cicada sounds were deafening, so I toured the whole park in 45 minutes.   A lot of areas were cordoned off, so there wasn't much to do. However, I found a Before I Die exhibit there which was rather", August 2013
15,4.0,Lesson in Urban Gentrification,"Once the site of water treatment plants, Seonyudo Park (open 6 am until midnight year-round) is a small island on the Han River connected to the mainland by a beautiful arch bridge, with Seonyudo subway station on the brand-new line 9 located 10 minutes away.  Part of Seoul's", July 2012
