,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Very nice place,Perfect place to go with kids many rides and lots of space for play but you should go in the morning. It looks creepy and looks like an abandoned town at night, February 2020
1,3.0,Don’t Steal Acorns.,, July 2019
2,5.0,Children's paradise,"The park is attractive to both adults and children in autumn (late Oct./ early Nov.). The autumn colours are fascinating but they vary from year to year depending on weather, etc. This year, the summer is long and dry but the ginkgo and maple trees still show off their beautiful autumn colours, although not as good as those of last year. The park has a good zoo, apart from an amusement park, etc. I like to go there (and to the Seoul Grand Park) when I visit Seoul, as both are great places for photography and leisure.", November 2019
3,4.0,Sunday Funday,"My 17 month old daughter was so extremely excited to see all the animals and did not want to leave. Korea has so many family-friendly places and this is definitely one of them. I think I may have seen some strollers to rent on our way in, not entirely sure. Overall, this was a lovely experience for both of us and we look forward to going back with my husband.", September 2019
4,4.0,Great place to spend a whole day with kids,, September 2019
5,3.0,"Nice, clean & spacious park - Sad to see it somewhat under-maintained",, August 2019
6,5.0,Family time,"We had a great time though it was so hot. You need to bring or buy lots of water. There are lots of places where you can find food/snack/ice water or other beverages. The kids loved the musical fountain, the water playground, the animals, the Anishow. We spent around 4 hours looking around and playing.", August 2019
7,3.0,It's free (mostly) and keeps kids busy,, June 2019
8,3.0,Nice park to stroll in,"The park is quite far from where we stay at myeongdong and we paid 13,000KRW for the cab ride. The park is free and contains a zoo (where the animals look quite sad) and there is a little amusement park when you can pay for the rides. The main highlight for us is the Seoul Children's Museum located near the main entrance.", June 2019
9,5.0,Very large park with lots of fun!,"Only covered a small part of it, as we were mostly busy with the museum, but what we saw was fun. A great big playground (with no shade though), big music fountain, a junk-made sculpture walk, a beautifully designed orangery... Lots to see!", May 2019
10,5.0,Outside of town but a good place to visit,, April 2019
11,5.0,excellent place  for a day out,, April 2019
12,4.0,"Lovely park, sad zoo","Visited with my 14 month old while on holiday in Seoul. The Children’s Museum is fantastic and has a really nice toddler play area, the park is lovely and we had a pic nice in the grass and enjoyed the botanical garden and walking around. However it was really sad to see animals like a lion, elephant, leopard and tiger looking sad in small enclosures. Young children are equally happy seeing farm animals so I would have been perfectly happy just with the goats and ponys.", April 2019
13,5.0,Entrance is free including the zoo,, March 2019
14,4.0,worth seeing,"Visited when I did a trip around Seoul, there is many things to see in Seoul but I wanted to take our 7 year old grandson here", August 2018
15,5.0,Fun Public Park,"This is great piblic park for family, there are a lot of interesting spot like children museum (1,200 won), free kids zoo, music fountain, amusement park. You can take subway to children's grand park line 2/line 7 exit 4 or you yan take local bus No. 721 from city hall st.", December 2018
16,4.0,Great Park to visit!,, November 2018
17,5.0,entertainment,, November 2018
18,4.0,Great for children and adults,"Last March I went there on a rainy day but the place was still beautiful, with cherry blossoms and tulips. Went there this time in early Nov. and the place was lit with autumn colors (maples and ginkgos). It was a sunny day. There were many children, mainly young students on school tours. Seoul children are so lucky, to have a lovely and huge playground with a zoo. For adults it is also great to spend some hours walking in the beautiful and tranquil park. The internal amusement park is located at a far corner hence it does not disturb those who love quietude. If you like children, this is a place to see them bursting out with joy and laughter.", November 2018
19,5.0,A great place to bring your kids,"The park is huge. There are children’s museum, amusement park and also zoo. It was so nice walking with the kids and the roads are big to push the strollers. Alot of things to explore and the kids definitely enjoyed it.", October 2018
20,4.0,All-in-one park where everybody in the family can enjoy,"It's a huge park with probably everything in it - a park, a zoo, a playground, an amusement park, etc. You can easily spend half a day there on a day with nice weather. There are also strollers for rent with very reasonable price so there's no need to carry your own stroller in the subway all the way there. The zoo and amusement park may be small but perfect for our five-year-old. The foodcourt is not so bad. But it would also be nice to bring lunch and have a picnic in the park.", October 2018
21,5.0,Free and fun,"We went to the Seoul Children’s Museum before heading down towards the park. It’s pretty well spaced out with a timed water fountain which leads to an open playground for kids, and towards a small-ish zoo. Great outdoor fun for the kids for free!", October 2018
22,3.0,"3.5 stars, free and fun for family","The zoo here is small but free, the one at Grand Park is much better. The greenhouse is nice. My favorite part of the park was the art collection made of recycled metal, it is a creative use of rubbish and fun-even for adults. There is a fairy tale area but probably non-Koreans will not appreciate it so much (it only explains the Korean fairy tales in Korean).", August 2018
23,4.0,Do not visit on a Monday ,, September 2018
24,4.0,Enjoyable for visitors of all ages,Visited Seoul Children's Grand Park during Summer and it was a great trip. Went there at about 4pm and there was the music fountain show. Walked around the area a bit before heading towards the zoo and it was already closed. Be sure to reach earlier if you intend to visit the zoo and the various museums there since they close pretty early., July 2018
25,5.0,"All-in-one place for children, as the name suggests","We brought the kids to Seoul Children's Museum and went around the Seoul Childrens Grand Park.  The place was huge and there was a big zoo, botanical garden, amusement park and skate park.  After a few hours of visiting the above places, we eventually made our way to the Children's museum.  The museum is more suited for younger kids below 10, as our 11-year old found it a little boring. There were 3 levels in the museum and the kids had a lot of fun playing. The staff stamped out hands on the way in so that we could re-enter if we wanted to visit the cafe or restrooms. Overall the place is very clean and accessible, and I would recommend this to families with young children.", June 2018
26,4.0,A good park,It was raining so there were not many people in the park. Early April was the cherry blossom time and the visit was quite worthwhile despite the difficulty of taking photos (with the lens getting wet every few seconds). The amusement park was not in operation in the rain for safety., April 2018
27,5.0,Seoul Children's Museum,"This is the BEST, MOST AWESOME, CLEANEST, WELL-MAINTAIINED, museum for kids. My toddler 23months wnjoyed the toddlers area - crawling, climbing, sliding, and pretend house play. My 12 and 7 years old enjoyed the water play area, construction area, the wheel chair experience, digital art, and so much more. We stayed 10am to 4pm, and they still can't get enough. It was really a fun fun day.", May 2018
28,5.0,Fantastic place to go especially if you have kids!,, April 2018
29,5.0,Second visit to this park,, April 2018
30,5.0,Great Childrens Museum too,, December 2017
31,4.0,A little bit if everything ,, October 2017
32,5.0,Great,"Huge park with play area, zoo, flower garden and science museum. It’s full day activity, all family members will enjoy. Must visit.", August 2017
33,4.0,A fun little older amusement park,I have visited this place several times during my years in Seoul and had to get in one more before leaving. The questionable rides with their knockoff paintings are a trip to check out., December 2016
34,5.0,huge,"Definitely a good place for kids to have fun, there is a theme park and a zoo in this place so it should fill up the whole day", April 2017
35,5.0,Walked through to escape the roads !!,, April 2017
36,5.0,Seoul Children's museum,"The children's museum was such an amazing place for kids. One could easily spend the whole day at the museum and the park. Be prepared to spend more than 3 hours here if you bring your kids to the museum because there's just so much activities for them to do. Ticket were very reasonably priced, which is a huge bonus point!", July 2017
37,1.0,Animals at Zoo kept in poor conditions,"The park itself was fine but we were so disturbed by the living conditions of the animals at the zoo that we did not enjoy the overall visit. The living spaces were incredibly small. Three zebras were kept in an area smaller than most backyards. It was very hot that day and we were saddened to see that few animals had areas to cool off in even a small pool of water. Most of the animals were pacing back and forth in their tiny living spaces, no doubt due to boredom. one of the fox seemed to have an eye infection. The elephant looked so sad and lonely. Some had little shade and no grass. This zoo would should reduce the number of animals and improve the condition of the animals by increasing living space and focusing on improved care.", June 2017
38,5.0,Beautiful Park with lots to do.,"This Park has it all including a zoo, a children's museum, kid's auto park, amusement park with rides, playground, outdoor concert hall, Anistory where they have plays/musicals and the Music Fountain.We accessed this Park from the Seoul Children's Grand Park Subway Station exit #1.There are plenty of drink vending machines in the park and also a couple of small restaurants and canteens that sell food as well. We ate at the Fried Chicken Restaurant that's located right next to the Anistory.We spent about 20,000 krw for a family of 4. Plus there are bathrooms with baby changing stations located all throughout the park which was very convenient. If you go I would allocate at least 4 hours for this park but you could easily spend a whole day here.", June 2017
39,5.0,Would strongly recommend for young generations,"You can easily spend the day in this huge park. tons of things to view, to taste, to experience. A top notch place for kids. Strongly recommend.", May 2017
40,4.0,Amazing Park,, May 2017
41,5.0,good place to have a walk and little entertainment.,this place is near my home and i usually go there for a walk. this place is really nice. they have a zoo too their but it's not that big but enough to entertain you. it is also a good place to workout., May 2017
42,4.0,nice place for a day visit,"After visiting Everland with its terrible queues i enjoyed Grand park for its quietness and free access. there is a decent zoo which is FREE! nice place to walk around, eat, sleep on the grass at sunny day. very good fountain with music show.", April 2017
43,5.0,Best you'll find anywhere in the world,"An amazing children's museum for a range of ages. Went with two children aged 4 and 1.5 and both were enthralled by the mix of activities. Set aside several hours to go floor by floor through the activities including those focused on construction, space, farming, indoor maze, etc. Having visited similar museums in a half dozen countries, this is by far (and by a wide margin) the best.", April 2017
44,3.0,Good day to spend with young kids,"Its not a touristic must see destination, but a good spot to spend a day with young kids doing various activities...", May 2017
45,5.0,Walk in the Park,, April 2017
46,2.0,Tacky,, April 2017
47,4.0,this is a greally cool place.,very open place to walk around and see Korean families. good place to take photos and get away from the city life., March 2017
48,5.0,quiet and beautiful,"Fresh air with many small lovely corners, a place to visit when cone to Seoul,very close to Public transportation", October 2016
49,5.0,Plan to spend at least half a day,, March 2017
50,5.0,"Calming, Fun and Beautiful park","Fun place to visit, especially if you have kids with you. Basically an all-in-one park. They have several zoos, playground (very large and themed too!), picnic areas, pools (if I am not mistaken, it was closed for maintenance when I was visiting), lots of gorgeous plants and trees. The area was well-taken care of. I felt like I was in a TV show hahaha. Awesome for kids as well. I saw lots of kids having fun by themselves there. Easy access to the subway. Close to Sejong University, where I was staying. Admission was free! I spent a good 2 hours just sightseeing. Great for solo wanderers who wants peace from bricks and skyscrapers. Also safe for female travelers. They even have background music along their alleys. Oddly creative, I must say.", April 2016
51,5.0,Seoul Children's Museum (part of Seoul Children's Grand Park),, December 2016
52,5.0,Great places for children and adults too,"Among all the activities, the lighting works in the fountain with music is remarkable. After sunset, you must spent some time there to make your trip unforgettable.", October 2016
53,5.0,Seoul Children's Museum (part of this park),"Very well done. This museum merits its own TripAdvisor listing as to not confuse it with the other children's museum in Seoul. Four floors of activities and all signs in English as well as Korean. My 6 year old and nearly 4 year old loved it. A bargain at USD12 (equivalent) for the three of us. About 10-15 minute walk from Line 5, Gunja station. Easy to find and most enjoyable. Three hours flew by - and my kids didn't want to leave. Very nice section in the basement level focused on building empathy - I was impressed with the inclusion of small wheelchairs and walking stick (for the blind) to be used along a small course.", January 2017
54,1.0,An OK park with a really sad zoo,"While this park is okay (nothing too special) the zoo area is totally depressing. It can be really hard to see the animals penned in such small enclosures. In Seoul, there are dozens of other parks and even a better zoo. I would really advise travelers to not go to this place. If you want amusement rides, you can find several other amusement parks in and around Seoul to visit that don't have such a sad portion to their park.", May 2016
55,5.0,Amazing and really a grand Children's Park for all walks of life!,, December 2016
56,5.0,Good place to see Cherry Blossom,"Seoul Children Grand Park is a good place to see Cherry Blossom on April. Crowd but the space is big enough for you to take a rest, eat some snacks, sit in the grass and enjoy the beautiful Cherry blossom! There is also a zoo inside the park!~ Recommend visit on April^^", April 2016
57,5.0,Fun Place,We went during the MERS scare so it was quite empty. but my husband and teenage daughter had such an amazing time, July 2016
58,5.0,Hidden Gem,"We traveled to Seoul with 2 young kids for 5 days and mainly focused on things to keep the young ones occupied with. The Children's park & the adjoining museum were fantastic. We ended up visiting it twice. The Grand Park on a sunday, had a carnival-like atmosphere with lots of stalls selling things, food vendors as well as play zones. The park offers up-close interaction with horses and a few other animals. The wild animal enclosures were well maintained and my kids had a great time viewing their occupants. We wrapped up our visit with a quick bite at a lovely little Italian restaurant just outside the Grand Park. Great way to spend time in Seoul!", October 2016
59,4.0,Nice place for kids to play at ,, December 2016
60,4.0,Not only for kid but also for couples,, April 2016
61,4.0,Mix it up by visiting a park and people watching,, October 2016
62,4.0,Worth a visit if looking to entertain young kids,"This park has lots of activities including a few playgrounds, different parks to walk through and play and a zoo which was free (!!) that had all the big African cats, tigers, bears, elephants, monkeys and more. The zoo enclosures allowed you to see the animals really close which was cool. There is also an amusement park, water play area, lots of shaded picnic areas and also a paid children's museum.  Area is quite large and you can rent strollers at the park for us$3 a day which is good value. Food outlets also on sight. Worth a visit to entertain younger kids for a day. Minus 1 star as the location is a bit far from the city centre - about 30-45min taxi ride depending on traffic (costs about us$15 in orange taxi). There is a subway train station out front which may be potentially quicker. With it though given the large free play area and zoo for kids!", October 2016
63,3.0,Very large park with amusement rides,My child is six and wanted to spend most of his time at the amusement rides.  However he was deemed too short to ride most even with an adult - and even the dodgems which was a surprise.  So the rides were limited.  We also tried to go to a part of the park where kids can drive little cars but it was all shut up and didn't look to be used much. We didn't get to the zoo part., September 2016
64,5.0,"Very large, many free activities ",, September 2016
65,4.0,Nice Place,Nice place to go with your family. Nice food n fresh air. You can make a nice picnic with your family with fun., April 2016
66,5.0,Must go for families with young children,, September 2016
67,4.0,Fun filled day for young kids,, August 2016
68,5.0,Stop here!!,"We are foreigners living in Seoul and loved this gem. It's very easy to get to from line 4 on the subway. We came here to go to the zoo but we found much more here. There is a great place for small kids to play indoors but that can be pricey. I would avoid coming here on Jr sunny days though, the walking can be brutal.", August 2016
69,5.0,pleasant park,"view here is so relaxing and helps me wonder how good koreans in terms of keeping their places clean, especially their water parts and grasses and more.", May 2016
70,5.0,Nice,seoul childrens grand park. It is okey. Girl have a nice day. Zoo. Anistoty water garden and . . . All okey, July 2016
71,5.0,Lovely place!,"Our favorite stop on the trip if you have children. My daughter enjoyed everything, especially the water! Something for everyone and even if you don't feel like walking around, just sit if the fantastic  place and let the kids run around. Well maintained, clean and facilitates we needed was easy to find.", July 2016
72,5.0,Excellent Place for Children,"Has a zoo as well as activity area for kids - in summer its a great attraction (if its not raining) zoo display includes elephants, tiger and other members of the cat family (Puma, Panther, Leopard etc.) Activity area has a fee that need sot be paid if you want to take the rides etc.", June 2016
73,5.0,Great place for family outung,Loved the free zoo! Animals are well kept and we saw different species of animals we couldn't see back home! Nice and big playground area for the kids. Can easily spend 2-3 hours there just spending time at the zoo and play areas and that's not even half of the park covered!, June 2016
74,5.0,nice for kids,Good and fairly big park with zoo and playground. it is quite a good option to visit with kids especially during spring and summer time. there are enough foods outlets as well as toilets, June 2016
75,3.0,Large,"The place was huge. We didn't get through it all in the 4 hours we were there. The play areas we got to were nice. I wouldn't really advise the zoo though. We only made it to the monkey's and ""ferocious animal village"". Enclosures were small. Most animals did not have toys or things for their entertainment. The female lion was the only one and she looked so depressed. The elephant had nothing to play with and was alone. It just rocked back and fourth. The red foxes looked mangey and malnourished. A+ for the playgrounds. F for the ""zoo"". Free or not, no animal should be kept like that.", June 2016
76,4.0,Good children museum,, June 2016
77,4.0,"Free Entry, Nice Little Zoo, Lots of spaces and greeneries","It's a great place. Lots of space and very green. Kids will love the mini zoo with tigers, lions, and others. Best of all, it's free!", June 2016
78,2.0,Depressing Day,"I'm not a vegan or some sort of animal hero, but this place made me want to dive off a cliff. I can't imagine how people rated this beyond Average. Maybe I could say it is average. They actually play terrible Kpop music through speakers as you're trying to walk through nature. They hate foreigners (personal experiences at least three times- take my word for it or kill yourself because I don't care) -- watched families scream and throw bubble gum at animals, watched Ahjumas stealing acorns when there were actual signs posted saying for humans not to steal the squirrel food (and then when I went to the bathroom there were acorns scattered around from being washed in the bathroom) --- oh yeah, the animals -- depressing display. Made me actually want to grab a sign and protest. Christ, maybe I'm becoming sensitive. Nope. this place was hell. AND, I'm a hunter, fisher, outdoorsman .... so, not your average HO complaining. Go here,,, just go here on a weekend and please don't kill yourself.", April 2016
79,4.0,Pleasantly Surprised,, May 2016
80,5.0,Worth the trip ,"The park was great lots of families and things to do.  The zoo was not huge but it is definitely the right size for kids.  There is a lot to do at the park for free.  We took the subway and carried our 2 year old, for ease of subway travel.  We rented a stroller at the park for 3000 KW, it was a bargain.  Great trip and park.", May 2016
81,4.0,There is free ZOO,This park is designed as a kids atraction and has an amusement park section as well as ZOO and botanic sections. There is a small recyckled art pathway and a fountain which is synchronised with music. If you have some spare time it's a nice place but don't make it your Top 10, May 2016
82,4.0,Huge park & great place to walk around,We brought our kids here on Children's Day which meant the park was absolutely packed.  lot to do here.  nice playgrounds for toddlers.  is also great in the offseason when it is quieter., May 2016
83,5.0,So fun,Went there with a friend and had so much fun! It reminded me of my childhood and made me feel like a child again. This park is so big that even though i spend there whole day i still could see much more on my next visit., September 2015
84,4.0,"Old facility, but the place to remind memeries of childhood",, April 2016
85,5.0,...a Park for the young and the young at heart!,, April 2016
86,5.0,best place for cherry blossoms in the spring,"best place for cherry blossoms in the spring, you'll see all the school children with their matching vests and backpacks with their teachers. it is the cutest thing! The petals from the cherry blossom trees will rain over you while you walk down the streets. but the free zoo is kind of depressing, poor animals.", May 2015
87,4.0,My 5-year old loved it here,, April 2016
88,4.0,Love the park,, January 2016
89,5.0,Super fun for young kids,, April 2015
90,5.0,"Fun for kids, good children museum","We visited this place on the weekdays and we loved this place. If you have kids, definitely you have to bring your kids here. We visited the children museum and we could say the children museum was very good. Kids could learn a lot of things while playing there.", December 2015
91,5.0,Free fun for kids of all ages,"There is a small zoo including sea animals, a greenhouse, landscaped walking paths all for free. And if you get hungry, you can stop by the cafe for hamburgers, curry rice, pasta, and coffee at the entrance of the zoo.  We were a group of adult friends looking for a quiet relaxing way to have lunch and spend the afternoon.  I was not disappointed because it was a pretty place for photographs.  We went on 7 December 2015 and it was cold. I'm sure Spring or Summer or Fall season would be a perfect time to visit this place. The train station stop is the same name on the Green Line.", December 2015
92,2.0,Nice Park but Many Closures led to disappointment,, December 2015
93,5.0,Must-go if you have kids!,, November 2015
94,5.0,Superb for all the family,, November 2015
95,4.0,"Great place to hang out, mini zoo kids will definitely love",, May 2015
96,4.0,"Can spend the whole day with Kids, less as adults","It was a great zoo, especially with kids. It was overcrowded when we were there, so we didn't stay longer than 3-4 hours. The park is BEAUTIFUL, especially in Fall-huge, well-maintained, with plenty of trails for walking between the animals.  You'd have to come back more than once to see the whole place.", September 2015
97,4.0,"memorable,fun,providing hours of entertainment",it can be difficult to find an ideal vacation destination that appeals to all family members. Children's grand park met all requirements of my 4-year-old overall.The area of the park is quite large needing definitely stroller for kids which is available for rental there.The main attractions is the zoo and amusement park.your kids have a fun there for sure!, August 2015
98,3.0,Visit only with children,"It's a park with zoo, botanical garden, amusement park, etc. I went to take a walk there and looked around. There are a lot of families with young children there. You can also see teens taking thrill rides at the amusement park. The admission is free but you have to pay to enjoy the rides. Overall, it was really nothing much.", January 2015
99,4.0,A very inexpensive way to spend a nice Saturday!,"It amazes me to see any one or two-star reviews about this place. I guess you can't please everyone. However, I really enjoyed taking my girlfriend here. We were able to see some cherry blossoms, check out some animals, and walk through the botanical gardens. Despite it being a drizzly day, we had a great time. It's a wonderful place to have a picnic, take your family, or have a date. You can buy some snacks there or bring your own food. Maybe it's not an amazing park like you would see in London but I think it's a fun place and you don't have to pay anything to get in.", April 2015
100,3.0,"If you don't have kids, there are better parks","Being from Melbourne that has some great urban spaces, I really love Korean parks, but this one didn't grab me.  In its winter coat it looked drab and over run.  The parrot enclosure was closed due to concerns about avian influenza, my kangaroo compatriot did not look good, I saw a zebra standing in sub zero temperatures and I did not dare see the Animal show.     I had more fun watching people feed the animals with the packets of pellets available from the vending machine.  Don't get me wrong, it's a free park, there is an amusement centre, and given the right day with kids you could have a great time, sadly it was not for me.", January 2015
101,4.0,"Free, What you do expect!","Location is wonderful which is just a few minutes walks from subway. Amazingly, it is free of charge, large park, not much animals but definitely is good for kids to learn between different species. My family (with 2 little kids) spent half day over there and we liked it much.", December 2014
102,1.0,Zoo : it's an absolute disgrace,"We got there and the animals were all in tiny enclosures with visable signs of distress. Most animals clearly looked unhealthy with fur missing, or visable infections. The animals had little or no water, was disgusting and we left.", July 2014
103,4.0,Nice park,"We have enjoyed going around this park, it's huge and has a lot of variety from flowers, arts, music, zoo and surprised that we can ride a  camel. It is definitely a great experience for me and my family.", December 2013
104,5.0,I enjoy it,I was impressed by this park is not just for children but for adults it's very interesting and I recommend, May 2014
105,5.0,Fun with everything for kids and family,"No entrance fee, need to paid for the facilities in the amusement parks.  Must go with kids if it's your first trip to Seoul.  Can spend hald day easily in this park.", October 2014
106,4.0,"very good picnic place, especially for family and couples","On a sunny day, if you want to go out for picnic, Seoul Children's Grand Park is the spot you can visit. The good thing is that there is no entrance fee! There are zoo, botanical garden, experience spaces like adventure land, gallery and more, and amusement park(should pay fees for using activities) inside. The amusement park is recently open after remodeling of 2 years. You will have a full day with joy.", April 2014
107,5.0,Seoul  Children's Grand Park,"This park is located at the east of seoul city. It is a very big park which is great for everyone. As it is so spacious, children are encouraged to run, scoot or cycle. Light refreshment can be found near the entrance but it is advisable to bring along some light refreshment as you enjoy the grand park.", April 2014
108,5.0,Wonderful place with kids,, May 2014
109,4.0,A Park with Everything,"Doing too much touristy things for the adults in Seoul? Give your kids at least half a day here in the big outdoor playground, sand/dirt area, free zoo including camel and donkey rides, musical water fountain, etc.. You will find Korean families camping out with tents and picnic baskets. When it's windy, the dirt/sand does get picked up, so it is best to put a net on the stroller. Not advisable, however, to go on Children's Day, a National holiday in the beginning of May.", May 2014
110,5.0,Great place for a day out with the kids,, April 2014
111,5.0,Fun!!,"They have two areas for snow sledging, and many other activities for kids. Well worth the entrance fee. If you can't make it to the ski resort, this is a good alternative for kids to 'play with snow'", January 2014
112,5.0,big park,the park is very big that children can spend whole day . there also some winter sport for children from dec to march. small zoo and children museum inside. there is an entry fees for the museum but we didnt visit because not enough time., December 2013
113,4.0,One of my favorite places to go during the off-season..,"Now like any park area in Seoul its really busy and crowded on the weekends so if you get a chance to go mid-week that is my advice. They have all the same animals in the zoos and all the same attractions so if you want to be able to walk around and enjoy then avoid the weekends. The Zoo is pretty good, some animals i wish that they had more space to run around and a little cleaner place to live but they do have a good variety of wildlife. There is a nice botanical garden and the grounds are really kept well. This is a place to have a picnic.During the spring the cherry trees all blossom and its a really nice place to go but this place can be see year-round.. Enjoy cause its worth the trip and bring your sneakers cause there is alot of area to cover.", February 2013
114,4.0,A short trip for family with young kids,, November 2013
115,4.0,A comfortable place to see Cherry Blossom,"If you find Lotte World & Everland is too busy & crowded, suggest you to visit this place with your childredn, especially to see cherry blossom in April.  Frankly speaking, I didn't expect there were so many cherry trees before visiting.  The cherry blossom was very awesome and eye-catching.  The most important was that this park was big enough to let the visitors to have enough space to walk around & appreciate this beautiful blossom.  Have fun in this park.", April 2013
116,5.0,A great day for Kids and Adults alike.,, September 2013
117,4.0,"Was good when Everland, LotteWorld, Seoulland were too busy.","It was very hot outside but our children wanted to have fun anyway. Plus! It was summer vocation time in Korea. So every attraction sight was crowded with millions of people. So this park was good, not too many people, they went into special fountain which was very fun and cool x. They had a nice zoo but the park is going to be much more exiting in 2014, when the restoration will be over.", August 2013
118,3.0,Not as impressive as mention on websites.,, July 2013
119,4.0,HEAVEN FOR CHILDREN,"My niece was so excited when visiting this park. She could see, touch and play with animals in a huge space.  There are some that she had never experienced, such as Camel Riding.  It should be one of the most memorable in her childhood.", October 2012
120,4.0,"free entrance park, beautiful flowers, great zoo",, May 2013
121,4.0,Fun for the whole family,"This park has a lot to see and do.  There is a zoo, amusement rides, and botanical gardens.  There is also a children's museum on the grounds.  It is definitely geared towards the younger kids but there is plenty to see and do for all ages~~", May 2013
122,2.0,Don't people care about animals???,, March 2013
123,4.0,A nice break for kids,, March 2013
124,5.0,Well Worth the Visit! Free Admission to Zoo!,, September 2012
125,5.0,Amazing Place for Children,"I must give it to Korea, they know how to make AWESOME children's parks.  I can't say enough about how wonderful this park is!  Amusement park, zoo, playgrounds, etc!  The park is free, but some of the attractions cost, but it is worth it if you are trying to see the sights as well as please the children.  Our son could have spent days at this park and never seen all the attractions.  Although it's a long subway ride, it's totally worth it!", November 2012
126,5.0,Nice place to spend the day...AVOID ANIMAL AREAS!,, September 2012
127,4.0,Nice place for a good stroll,"The Children's grand park is quite easy to find/access and the entry is free making it a suitable place for a nice stroll or activities with the family. Although some are a bit outdated, there's plenty of activities to do including theme park rides, zoo, botanical gardens, playgrounds and plenty of places to eat. The place is quite isolated in winter which can be both a plus and a minus", December 2011
128,4.0,A great place to relax and enjoy peace and happiness.,"A great place to relax and enjoy peace and happiness.  The park makes you feel happy, and carefree.  If you enjoy walking and viewing nature, this is a good place.  It is conveniently located at a subway entrance, so easy to get to.  I particularly enjoyed the walking paths, but the best thing was the water fountain dancing to the music.  The music was super and the show was entertaining.  Unfortunately, I didn't see the major attractions--zoo, etc. but the park is beautiful.", May 2012
129,4.0,good for family,"free entry, good large theme park, easy to access.", October 2011
130,5.0,Wonderful park for children and their parents,"I liked that there is baby strollers for rent, very clean territory, nice zoo, camel riding for children.", March 2012
131,3.0,Free fun day at Children's Grand Park!,"We visited this park in Seoul because it was free and we wanted to see the music fountain! To see the lit up fountain with sound effects was cool but there was so much more..people go there to do some dance as a group done by community workers i guess , my daughter joined in and had a great time. The zoo was a bit old but still enjoyable..there is some rides for kids as well!", October 2011
