,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Botanical Garden in winter,"Great walk in the Botanical Garden, not the same as in summer or spring of course, quite new so everything needs to grow more.Strolling around and enjoy the walk in the fresh air. Try to to find the time to do this.In february can be very cold so dress accordingly !", February 2020
1,5.0,Worth visiting botanical garden,I was pleasantly surprised when I visited the botanical garden. It has opened relatively recently at far western end of Seoul. The glasshouse is designed like a lotus leaf and quite beautiful itself. You can walk a sky-bridge and see plants from above too., December 2019
2,5.0,Botanic garden + park,"If you love plants, this is a must visit place. There are different variety of plants in the garden and trees in the park.   Directions: Take Exit 2 of Magongnaru Station (Line 9) and walk approximately 1 km", October 2019
3,5.0,Eternal peace within tropical greenery,I just visited last Sunday and truly enjoyed myself. It’s a close walk from the station and it was easy to get there from south Seoul by the express train.  The garden itself is lovely...and nicely decorated. Divided into various country areas with some fascinating plants and, June 2019
4,5.0,A lovely botanical garden,"If you are a botanical lover, so this is it! The first botanical garden in Seoul and it's really nice even in the middle if a hot day.", May 2019
5,4.0,Very Nice place for botany lovers,There are beautiful flowers and plant in the park. One will take at least half a day to roam around the place. A plus point is that it is located near to metro station. Some of the flowers are gorgeous and if at the right time of the year one can even see Sakura there., March 2019
6,5.0,Great botanical park newly locating,"This is a fine botanical park which is under preparation. Currently, they allow a free temporary visit for limited facilities. Good to visit for families and couples. For tourists to enjoy flowers too.  - Not famous yet. There aren't many visitors. - The grand opening is May,", November 2018
