,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Stunning ,Mid November don’t miss this beautiful event in Seoul! Located on a small river Cheonggyecheon on Euljiro this is so beautiful at dark! Many families and a very pleasant and nice walk., November 2019
1,4.0,Managed to catch it for 5 mins before lights off,Rushed to visit the lantern festival but only managed to see it for 5 mins before lights off.  Should leave the lanterns on till 11pm or 12 midnight as there were still many people lingering after lights off., November 2019
2,5.0,Beautiful,The light displays were beautiful and is worth making a trip going to see them at least once if you are in Seoul during this time., November 2019
3,5.0,Great Festival,"It was such a nice time seeing all the beautiful lanterns, that are is very nice, and we had a great meal near by!", November 2019
4,5.0,Very beautiful!,It’s absolutely worth seeing! Just take a long walk near the stream in the evening. There are different scenes from eastern and western fairy tails and legends and some light projections on the walls. Looks really amazing and is not far from Myeongdong - in a walking distance(20 min)., November 2019
5,5.0,Really beautiful,, November 2019
6,5.0,Beautiful!,, November 2019
7,4.0,Fun lanterns on water,, November 2018
8,4.0,Fabulous autumn evening activity,It happens every November and is a wonderful attraction to stroll along the Cheonggyecheon stream. The artists let their imaginations soar and the lanterns can be fanciful or literal., November 2018
9,4.0,Lanterns were so pretty!!!,"I came here to watch the Seoul Lantern parade, and it was beautiful!! So many big and beautiful, and culture lanterns :).", October 2018
10,5.0,AMAZING,"The parade was just perfect, everything was gorgeous. The people were dancing and celebrating everywhere, the feeling of festivity was incredible. A memorable experience.", May 2019
11,5.0,Lanterns -river of lights,"This is well worth a visit to Seoul, the size and variety of the lanterns amazed us. We would return to Seoul just to see this again. Walking along beside the river with many locals and visitors was very enjoyable. The photo opportunities were endless.", November 2018
12,4.0,Lovely Walk,"Wonderful way to begin the festive holiday season. From the first Friday in November to the third Sunday in November bright lanterns are on display.  Celebrating history, multiculturalism, or pure entertainment this was a fun display. There were vendors of food, wearable lights, and an opportunity to make a floating lantern yourself. Easy to get to on public transport (metro: Jongo 3-ga Station, Jonggak Station, or Euljiro 3-ha station) and a short walk to the river. The lanterns are staged in the water along 1.2km between Cheonggyecheon Plaza and Supyogyo Bridge.  Lots to do in the local area as well. Would definitely go back and bring the children. Photos just can’t do it justice (at least my iPhone photos!).", November 2018
13,5.0,A night to remember,"This is a wonderful way to spend an early November night in Seoul. Located a short distance from city hall and FREE to anyone it is worth a stroll along the little river. Often seen in K-dramas, it is even more beautiful at night with all the light designs during the Seoul Lantern Festival. Enter on the west side of the river and walk along to see this year's creations. You can either climb back up the stairs at the end to go to a small street festival with food and such or cross the last bridge to view from the other side. Be advised it is not the easiest to hail a cab in this area because of the number of people so be sure to plan your trip accordingly.", November 2018
14,5.0,Awesome ,This is a must if you’re in Seoul in November we went last night and it pretty amazing it’s about a couple of km long and you get to make a floating lantern, November 2018
15,4.0,Great way to spend a weekend,"We had a wonderful time in Seoul and visited the lantern festival. The water was pretty and the lanterns were quite the site. Our 6 year old son had a wonderful time. I also can't say enough about the street venders selling food. Amazing, you have to try!", November 2018
16,4.0,Colourful & Carnival-Like,, November 2018
17,4.0,Seoul Lantern Festival,"It is very nice and enjoyable festival, where many activities are displayed along with cultural introduction. A wonderful international gathering.", May 2018
18,5.0,Wonderful Festival,"The best experience in Seoul because this festival is so amazing, wonderful, and beautiful. So many food stall and food trucks operating throughout the festival. This festival be held at Cheonggyecheon Stream. I think this is the best lantern festival in the world.", November 2017
19,5.0,The Best Experience in Seoul!!!,This is a wonderful opportunity to see a lantern festival in Seoul and the best experience visit this festival. This festival was amazing. You will remember it for the rest of your life. Don't miss this opportunity., May 2017
20,4.0,Fun but pales in comparison to Buddha's birthday spring festival,"This festival offers some beautiful and romantic nighttime scenery in the heart of Seoul. It was fun to wander along the Cheonggyecheon to see the colorful lanterns displayed in & along the stream. However, this festival pales in comparison to the much larger and more elaborate lantern display in the same area for Buddha's birthday in the spring. It would be fun to see the fall Seoul Lantern festival if that is when you are visiting the city, but if you have a chance to see the lanterns at Buddha's birthday it is much more impressive!", November 2017
21,5.0,Festival,This festival was amazing! So much good pictures to take. Street were packed! Lanterns and figures were beautiful, April 2017
22,5.0,Amazing colorful festival that is a photographer's paradise!,"This is a truly awesome festival that I would highly recommend to any visitors to Seoul. Highlights include a fantastic parade of amazingly intricate paper lanterns as well as performances of traditional Korean dance and drumming. Visitors to the festival can create their own paper lanterns, beaded jewelry, ink drawings, and other crafts as souvenirs - often for free or very little money. There are a few options for snacks and refreshments, but you will have to walk a block or two away from the festival for a full meal; there are tons of restaurant options available just outside of the festival area.", April 2017
23,4.0,Been there. Done that.,"Korea has a lot things to offer. Seoul has a lot to offer. If in center besides of other places of interest this festival is nice place to visit - takes not much time, free entrance, close to other venues. A nice way to spend a couple of hours. Even though i was there during anti-president rally it was safe.", November 2016
24,5.0,Nice evening walk at the Seoul Lantern Festival,"After work, we took a taxi to the Cheonggyecheon Stream to see the Seoul Lantern Festival.  I enjoyed the walk and the interesting lanterns.  I like that it started in ""prehistoric"" with the dragon, and ended up with a modern cartoon character.", November 2016
25,3.0,Colorful,This is a low key festival situated right on the canal. It's quiet and subdued. Romantic at night. Easy access from the train station., November 2016
26,4.0,Lovely athmosphere,Strolling along the Cheonggyecheon Stream in the evening during the Seoul Lantern Festival you can admire the colorful masterly artworks floating in the water. Very beautiful., November 2016
27,4.0,novel way to spend a couple of hours,nice walk and interesting lanterns although most of the display was kids cartoon characters or corporate promotions in the form of lanterns.  where there were independent artistic displays they were great and the overall spectacle is very impressive. went on Sunday night and while it was popular the crowds were very manageable for a capital city event, November 2016
28,5.0,Fantastic! ,Well worth it it even in the rain. The canal itself is pleasant and the lanterns on display are amazing. Really lit up sculptures is a better description., November 2016
29,5.0,best lantern festival that I have ever seen,This is a wonderful opportunity to see a lantern festival in downtown Seoul. They usually have it for a few weeks every november. You can expect thousands of people walking beside the stream of water but it is best seen from the street level. Don´t miss this opportunity!, November 2016
30,5.0,Highlight,"big parade of illuminated artifacts in the Cheonggye-cheon Stream Area and others in front of the Gyeongbokgung-Palace - even if one monument looks like massive material - it is paper on wires - really worthwhile seeing!  if you want to really experience the best of Korea, visit during this festival. You will remember it for the rest of your life.", November 2016
31,5.0,Lantern Festival,, October 2015
32,5.0,The best festival in Korea!,"You have not seen Korea until you have attended this week long event. From the parade, stream floats, to the Temple activities, if you want to really experience the best of Korea, visit during this festival. You will remember it for the rest of your life.", May 2016
33,5.0,Go there at sunset and stay until dark!,, May 2016
34,5.0,Lantern Festival Every November,, November 2012
