,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,It was nice!!!!,"There were so many people, so it is best to go early. I went in the evening, as I just want to stand and watch the fireworks from the stairs. You can eat many street food here, and also can rent a bike to ride before the firework show start. The firework show was okay, I can't", September 2019
1,5.0,International fireworks display Seoul ,"Fantastic family entertainment, long waiting periods in between the daytime fireworks (bring an umbrella to avoid the ash hitting you) and night time 1. Entertainment throughout the day and a DJ set at night. Very entertaining", October 2019
2,4.0,my first time in seoul,it was my first time that I ever been to Seoul and started with this firework it was amazing but the weather was a little cold and I did not bring any warm clothes. I suggest it to all who wanna have an amazing night there but do not focus on taking the picture just enjoy the, October 2019
3,5.0,Big bada boom!,"This may have been the most amazing fireworks show I've ever seen. Canada's show was just OK (sorry Canada!), but Spain's was great and Korea's-- I didn't know where to look, there was so much going on at once!! Great food and tons of cheap ballooons/glowsticks and junk your", October 2018
4,5.0,Fireworks Festival,"This festival be held at Yeouido. This is the best fireworks in Seoul because the fireworks are synchronized with screens, music, and lasers. So many people or tourists came to Yeouido to see this festival. ", September 2017
5,5.0,The big and the best fireworks festival in Seoul,"You must visit this fireworks festival because it's so wonderful, amazing, and beautiful. For me, this is the best experience in Seoul. More than a million people gather at Yeouido to see this performance. Don't miss your opportunity!", September 2017
6,5.0,And the party goes boom,"This isn't just another fireworks festival. In fact, it is one that you should really come and experience for yourself.  The Seoul International Fireworks Festival usually takes place around early October, but the date changes every year, so do search it up on Google to find out", October 2016
