,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Hanyangdoseong,Hanyangdoseong was built to safeguard Hanyang (Seoul) in Joseon dynasty. It was guarding the city for more than 500 years. Worth a visit., October 2019
1,4.0,Good Excursion for your Legs,Came here from Ihwa Mural Village on my way to Dongdaemun by foot. I was there almost towards the end of sunset and it was beautiful. Got a good exercise climbing up to one of the spot to take photos and it reminded me of the last scene of K-drama Memories of Alhambra~ :), September 2019
2,4.0,Excellent walk to see Seoul,Visited the Naksan to Dongdaemun section of the wall. The views were amazing and we were able to see a quieter side of Seoul. this section is an easy walk suitable for people of all ages., November 2019
3,3.0,it's a toss up,"because of the obsessively stubborn cultural korean way, you may regret going in this 'excursion' if having small children; once you start your walk on the perimeter, they won't let you out & also even check your passport at some point when going by the blue house (the korean", April 2019
4,5.0,really good,Did a fair bit of the walk and found it really good and as you walk higher up you get great views.  You will find nice little cafes and viewing points for great photos., October 2019
5,4.0,Nice to explore around,Take the subway to Dongdaemun station and you will see the Southern Gate and the wall. It is part of the wall that surrounds the whole ancient city around Seoul. There are local stores and roadside peddlers selling local food and products. Stop by and try their local odeng, November 2019
6,4.0,Steep hike to breathtaking views,"Attempted to reconnect with nature with a hike to Seoul city wall after a work trip, the path up was made easier with the cold of winter. Superb view of Seoul city from the TOP!", December 2019
7,5.0,A Highlight!,There are many sections of the city wall to follow. I chose the portion leading up Mt. Namsan to the N.Seoul Tower in Namsan Park. It was a section of about 500m beyond the cable car station and traversed a beautiful idyllic forest with the momiji autumn leaf colour change. An, November 2019
8,4.0,"Not the Great Wall, but nice views of the city","Recommend going in the evening, as the city views are nice and the gate across the street is lit up nicely.", November 2019
9,5.0,Beautiful piece of old Seoul in the heart of an ultra modern city ,Right in the heart of Dongdaemun is this piece of of history that you must check out. It's a two minute climb up from near Heunginjimun gate. The view from up here is amazing. For the best experience go up before the sun sets and watch the lights of the city come on from up, November 2019
10,5.0,Great outing!,"We spent a day walking one section of the Seoul City Wall.  Public transport to the Changuimum Gate was easy and straightforward and there were a couple of sweet little cafes near the gate, so we stopped for lunch and coffee.  Once we started walking, it was up, up, up to a", October 2019
11,4.0,Picturesque,"Another must visit, allows for some cool photo souvenirs and is a real piece of the city’s vast history. I enjoyed my time there, though I wouldn’t spend hours. It’s close to Dongdaemun square, so can be combined with other activities...", November 2019
12,4.0,By the Dongdaemun shopping area check out the old city wall,"There is a section of Seoul's old city wall in the Dongdaemun area. It looks interesting and is good for a photo (or several), you can walk beside it and in places climb along the wall rampart however its not really safe or set up for it. Other walls say at Suwon can be safely", October 2019
13,5.0,Part of history,Take a leisurely stroll along the wall to feel the spirit of the old days. Above is a nice view of the city., September 2019
14,5.0,Beautiful sunsets,"I hiking up to the top right as the sun was setting and it was breathtaking. Beautiful nature all around you, birds chirping, wind blowing, then as the sunsets, you see the city lights of Seoul over take the scenery.", July 2019
15,4.0,The East Gate wall is one of the best,"For the full experience visit the Heunginjimun Gate (the East Gate), then the Seoul City Wall Museum, then walk up the high side of the City Wall about 1 kilometre to the Ihwa-dong Village and return on the lower side of the wall to the East Gate for the full experience. The", September 2019
16,5.0,Must do if in the area.,"This is an excellent museum to learn about the wall and the history of the city through the Joseon Dynasty.  It is just a short walk up the hill from the actual Dongdaemun (Large East Gate).  If time (and stamina) permits, continue up the wall itself to get great photo ops. ", September 2019
17,2.0,A bit disappointing,"We followed the city wall whilst hiking up Inwangson mountain...the viewpoint at the top's great, but in all honesty, the city wall in Seoul looks like it was constructed just last month. The city wall in nearby Suwon is much more impressive.", September 2019
18,5.0,Portions all around the city,"If time allows try to check out the wall museum which educates you on the extensive history, destruction and rebirth of the wall.  The four main gates represent the 4 virtues of Confucianism.  There is a map called the Seoul City Wall map, if you collect all of the stamps,", September 2019
19,4.0,All around seoul,We could actually see the old seoul walls in many places. Its interesting to see the old city walls. Near namsan park we could see a long part of it., September 2019
20,3.0,Spectular at Night,"Go at night - great illumination.  Other than that, it is a reconstructed section of the old wall - without a gate.  It will take all of 15 minutes", August 2019
21,4.0,Unexpected ,Found the walk by accident as I was doing an unplanned work through the city.  The walk is old and follows a ridge line to protect the old city. It is broken in line meaning you can find the wall then loose it again as you walk it’s line.  I did think the wall was in good, August 2019
22,4.0,Extensive,"About 12km of the original 18km still exists at various locations around the city. For a good walk by the walls Namsan Hill and Bukaksan Hill are good choices. Don't expect the Great Wall of China, they are quite low wall when walked inside.", July 2019
23,3.0,Many places to see the Seoul City Wall,You can see parts of the wall in different spots around the city. My favorite place is in Namsan Park., August 2019
24,5.0,Beautiful views ,"Really lovely walk and beautiful views of Seoul, even in the torrential rain! Not strenuous but wear trainers as it’s quite sandy.", August 2019
25,3.0,A day visit,I only did a part. To hot.... But it is really a good idea to do the complete tour. Start at the City wall museum....  you walk in the city and in nature as it seems. The museum is also nice! You have nice views over the city., June 2019
26,5.0,Goes together well with mural village,"A relatively easy hike from mural village down to DongDaeMun.  Can enjoy seoul scenery from high above and see Namsan Towel from far away.  At the top, near Naksan Park, you can get a panoramic view of Seoul.  Very spectacular.  There are a lot of history behind these walls, and", April 2019
27,5.0,Steep climb but worth it,"Discovered the climb up to Naksan Park following the Seoul City Wall almost be accident.  Path starts just North of Dongdaemun Gate.  Walked up on the inside of the Wall (which provides the best views out over the city), then back down on the outside of the Wall (some good photo", July 2019
28,5.0,Nice photo opp and parks,"Maybe like a lot of people, we just stumbled upon this wall while looking for KIM MISO's house (Secretary Kim KD Drama).  the trek is entertaining as well as exhilarating.  The wall crosses all types of neighborhood so you can always stop to get refreshments in one of the many", November 2018
29,3.0,Stumble upon Seoul City Wall!!!,"I was walking around Dongdaemun when I campe upon the city wall!! It was just right off Dongdaemun station, exit 1 I think. It was nice, so much history. Come here for a relaxing time and just cool off....so nice in the evening, and it was good to see.", May 2019
30,5.0,A steep hike but great view,Walking up from Naksan park then down towards DDP is definitely the preferred route. Pleasant uphill but would have been more difficult the other way round due to the terrain. Decided to skip the mural village considering the residents prefer it that way. , April 2019
31,5.0,"Since 600 years ago, Hanyangdoseong hugs the Seoul with the unique history, moments, people and many diaries. I got the","Since 600 years ago, Hanyangdoseong hugs the Seoul with the unique history, moments, people and many diaries. I got the second chance to visit this nice place with Funday Korea Networks. Thanks to them they provide a unique tour guide with presenting very interesting information", March 2019
32,5.0,5 Reasons why you should visit Hanyang Doseong,"Being built in 1396, Hanyang Doseong (Seoul city wall) is the longest wall of its kind in the world and definitely a place you should not miss during your visit in Seoul. Getting there is an easy task. Bus or subway are convenient, especially of the way transfer works in Korea.", March 2019
33,5.0,5 reasons why you should visit Hanyang Doseong,Did you know that Seoul is surrounded by a wall for over 600 years? Thanks to Funday Korea Networks I got to know about the background of the Wall. The Seoul City Wall goes by the name of Hanyangdoseong and was built for defensive purposes. Today it is the longest wall of its, March 2019
34,5.0,5 Reasons why you should visit Hanyang Doseong,"On March 16th I visited Hanyang Doseong , also know as Seoul city wall, thanks to Funday Korea Networks.  The wall is around 18km long and we just visited the Naksan mountain part of the wall. (Naksan Mountain Course, Hanyang Doseong)  Although it was not my first time visiting", March 2019
35,5.0,5 reasons why you should visit Hanyang Doseong,"I have just had a great day with my friends earlier this month walking along Hanyang Doseong, the Seoul City Wall thanks to Funday Korea Networks. It’s the first time I have seen Seoul with such a differently captivating and historical charm since I first came here 5 months ago.", March 2019
36,5.0,5 Reasons Why You Should visit Hanyang Doseong,"1. The History of South Korea and the People: When you look at this wall and learn the history, it is more than just a wall. It represents hard work, loyalty to country, and strength. The wall was made up of stone, wood and other materials, and the purpose was to protect the", March 2019
37,5.0,5 reasons why you should visit Hanyang Doseong:,"Having been in South Korea for more than 3 years, the Seoul City Wall is one of the landmarks I keep going back to, only to recently realize that it's because the experience is different every time. Therefore I compiled a short list on why every person visiting Seoul should have", March 2019
38,5.0,Excellent views and lots of opportunities for unique experiences,Make sure you plan ahead of time - the wall is verrrrrry long! The entire wall would take an entire day to walk but it's conveniently broken into zones and the website has a dowloadable map. It's very accessible in certain parts of the city and there are many spots (like Naksan, December 2018
39,5.0,“5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD VISIT HANYANG DOSEONG”,"Having studied in Korea for more than 5 months, I’m luckily to have chances to discover this country, particularly know more and more interesting places in Seoul. Huge thanks to Funday Korea Network’s Hanyang Doseong Tour, I can know that among several modern architectures", March 2019
40,5.0,5 reasons why you should visit HanyangDoseong,"Visiting Namsan Tower, Nammi Island or Myeong Dong are definitely experiences you have to try once in your life when you come to Seoul. However, this article will suggest you a place with a completely different style from the above locations. It is Hanyang Doseong (Seoul City", March 2019
41,5.0,5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD VISIT #HanyangDoseong,"Seoul City Wall is one of signature places where you have to visit when in Korea. For me, this place is so interesting with the harmonization between history and natural beauty, not just a Wall =)). So I'm here today to tell you why I am so fond of this Wall :>  1.	Acquiring", March 2019
42,5.0,5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD VISIT #HanyangDoseong,#Seoul City Wall (18.627 kilometers) with more than 10 hours walk......where natural beauty meets with history.  The wall was built more than 600 years ago to save Seoul city. The archeological beauty of the wall will surprise the visitors and remind the old times of a nation, March 2019
43,5.0,Memorable Hike,"Hiking along the Seoul Wall was a highlight of our trip.  We walked from Hyehwamun Gate through Waryong Park to Malbawi Information Center.  We enjoyed the fall colors, panoramic views and varied terrain.  Some sections were challenging with the uphill climb, but it was worth", November 2018
44,5.0,Seoul hidden gem,"You have to visit this place if you come to South Korea. While most of the tourists go to Namsan Tower or Lotte Tower, you just need to climb up to this fortress to see the beauty of the city. Perfect place for a solo traveller like me. (Personally, I recommend 2 up to 3 hours", November 2018
45,4.0,History meets big city,"We walked along a section of the city wall in Namsan park, from the top of Namsan down to Myeongdong. The wall is beautiful and interesting, it's inspiring to see the effort that has gone into preservation and reconstruction. Would love to go back to Seoul, see more of the city", October 2018
46,5.0,A full day's hike around the city,"I finally accomplished my goal to follow the entire city wall trail in one day. If you do this, start early and bring plenty of water and snacks because there are not many places to get drinking water, especially on the northern and toughest part of the circle. Check the", August 2018
47,5.0,Join the locals for a hike around the city - it's stunning,"We walked around half of Seoul's city wall and spent a fantastic day doing so. The only reason we didn't do more, was the fact that my husband wore the wrong shoes.  It was a beautifully sunny day and the views over the city were fantastic and we had a lovely lunch along the", November 2017
48,5.0,The old city wall that is still under the recovery,"This is an amazing city walls built around the old Seoul(Hanyang) in Joseon Dynasty. Even though most parts have been rebuilt over several decades, it's fun to visit. - Koreans at that time used to talk a walk and enjoy the view of city walls. And there's a guide map to feel it", October 2018
49,5.0,Seoul City Wall Hike,Seoul City Wall (also called Hanyangdoseong) is an 18 km structure surrounding the city.  Much of the wall has been preserved or rebuilt but there are sections that are absent.  My wife and I hiked along the wall from the Heunginjimun (East) Gate in Dondaemun to the Changuimun, August 2018
50,5.0,Take a hike along city wall and get views over neighbourhoods,"Construction of the stone city wall (Hanyangdoseong) began in 1394, designed to protect the city, much of the wall was built on the ridges of the surrounding mountains, when complete the wall measured 18627 metres long, varying in height from five to eight metres. Today there is", April 2018
51,4.0,City Wall and City Wall Museum,"The City Wall of Seoul has a fascinating story. If you are hiker, you can hike along this wall for most of the way, yet some parts are off limit. A museum was dedicated to this wall and it walks you through the centuries. Dongdeamun subway stop takes you to a part of the wall", October 2017
52,4.0,Great View,It's great to view of the city and nature. The locations so near from JW Mariot Hotels. You must visit this place., October 2017
53,4.0,SPECTACULAR VIEWS of Seoul at the Seoul City Wall,"Walking the City Wall is a great way to see how modern Seoul is becoming and experience flashes of the past at the same time!  Depending on how much time you have, you can choose a short and easy 1 hour route, or a harder 3.5 hour route.  If you are really short on time, you can", June 2018
54,4.0,The alternative way to see Seoul,"We spent 2 days covering the wall. It was cold in March when we visited , especially if your are from the tropics, but the walk warmed us up so much we lost the jackets and was down to a base layer plus a hiking shirt for temperatures between 0-5 celcius.  The signage could be a", May 2018
55,5.0,Great way to see many aspects of the city,Follow the Seoul city wall trail (aka Hanyangdoseong trail) to get a unique perspective on the city. Seeing the ancient remnants of the wall is interesting in itself., November 2017
56,4.0,Seoul City Wall walk,"The Seoul City wall walk covers the entire 19km stretch around Seoul. At all four main gates you can collect a chop at the little stamphouse. The walk you can do at your own pace, not necessarily all in one day. After collecting all four chops you'll receive a badge to rememver", March 2018
57,5.0,Great adventure and fun,"This place is amazing. Would recommend it to anyone going to Seoul to stop by and take a hike around the fortress. To get to the wall, we decide to walk through the old village instead of taking the bus.", January 2018
58,5.0,Excellent hike on a nice day,"Started at Dongdaemun Gate, you will see the start of the trail across from the Gate. It is well paved and you just follow the wall. It is a hike uphill so wear comfortable shoes. Not too far, you will reach Ihwa Mural Village which will provide plenty of photo opportunities as", November 2017
59,4.0,Great view over looking the city from above,Bring your sneakers because you want to take a long wall to the top. Along the wall you see some of houses still constructed back in the area of times. When you get the top you can see the amazing view of the city. It is worth seeing. This place is free. If you don't want to, November 2017
60,4.0,Long walk but worth it ,"Depending on where you have started your walk, you will see different parts of Seoul walking along this wall. Although it is not as majestic as the Great Wall of China, it is a beautiful historical site.   As the route span many kilometres long, I would suggest that you do a bit", November 2017
61,4.0,Seoul City Wall,Try to choose such a day with proper weather. Walk along the wall as much as you can. You will have nice views of the city. Worth visiting., October 2017
62,4.0,Great walk,Make sure you walk up to the top as it will give you very beautiful view of the city.  Worth the hike and time spent.  Make sure to drop by at the museum too., September 2017
63,5.0,Fantastic for walking and great views,I walked along the eastern and northern sections of this wall. It was brilliant. Note that you need to show picture ID for the northern part as it is sensitive and part of the defence system for the city. The northern part is better than the eastern part. There are superb views, September 2017
64,5.0,Hike up from the East Gate,"When you are at the East Gate, follow the wall up into the mountain nearby and just keep going.  You will be rewarded with a nice steep hike, great views, a quiet neighborhood and ultimately some great lookouts over the city.  Keep going to the lookouts, which are a bit up", August 2017
65,2.0,Historic but nothing special,"Significant portion of Seoul City Wall have been removed. The remaining portion of Seoul City Wall preserved the old looking. However, we can see that there are a lot of modern repairs an maintenance on the city wall.   If you have ever visited the Great Wall in China, City Wall", August 2017
66,5.0,Can be seen nicely from Namsan Park,This is not a wall to be compared to the Great Wall of China.  However you will be able to take some nice pictures at the top of the wall from Namsan Park.  The wall winds itself down from the top of the park.  Following the wall up or down is not for the feint hearted so put, June 2017
67,5.0,Beautiful views!,"I really enjoyed walking along the city wall. It's got great views of nature and the city. I did an evening walk, so it was bright out when I started and when I was done, it was dark out. But no worries, the city wall lights up at night with plenty of lamps to brighten the path", May 2017
68,4.0,Serious Hike - Lots of Stairs & Great Views,"Hiking the entire loop is a major undertaking, but well worth it on a beautiful day. The hike will allow you to see other areas of Seoul and even some local neighborhoods. You can also hike partial sections. You will need your passport to go through the Military area & no photos", April 2017
69,3.0,Short hike in the middle of the city,A short walk from Dongdaemun Plaza. You'll find a gate which leads to a part of the now preserved parts of the city wall that once surrounded the city from the envaders. It's best viewed at night without any entrance fee. Good for viewing the busy street below., March 2017
70,5.0,Great experience,"I started off at Dongdaemun station, from where the path is very easy to find. After a while you can visit Ihwa village on the left-hand side, which is very recognisable when you lots of cafes and people with selfie-sticks. Once you've visited the highest point in Naksan Park,", February 2017
71,5.0,Lots of small sections or the whole wall,There is a pathway that can be followed around the entire wall. Get a map before you start as it has access points and approx walking times. Takes 12 hours to do in one hit but easy to do in sections over several days. The section up to Seoul Tower is very popular and can get, January 2017
72,4.0,Hike,Was looking for N Seoul Tower but came across this place with steep walk up. Was panting when I reached the top. Suddenly it dawn upon me the long stretch of wall was something ancient. Great view of Seoul at the top , December 2016
73,5.0,Wall,"Good hike. Right by the Mariott, subway station, markets and some shopping. Nice view of the city once you hike a little bit", December 2016
74,5.0,Naksan Mountain Trail - Easy on Elderly ,"Went with my 63 year old mother, which she found the trail is not taxing even though the trail started with steps, followed by one steep slope. The path is well paved and there are plenty of are to rest when tired.  Try to reach early in the morning to avoid scorching sun as", September 2016
75,5.0,Best thing to do in Seoul. Wonderful urban hike!,"Best thing I did in Seoul! You can do the whole loop in one day, or you can do it in portions. Make sure you get the map from a tourist office in advance to help you plan. The parts over the Baegaksan 343m, Inwangsan 340m, Namsan 271m and Naksan 124m are step. This is a HIKE,", December 2016
76,4.0,Fantastic hike,"Convenient location for a mountain and forest hike. You can get on the trail from lots of different locations and the trail runs in a circle. Beware most of the monuments on the trail are closed on Mondays, so you can still hike the trail but not visit any of the gates.", November 2016
77,4.0,Great walk but don't forget about the humidity,"I love walking so I really got much pleasure from this few hours slow pace walk. You get very nice views of Seoul and, thanks God, there are several places to have a rest during the trail. But you should be in a good shape - it's more like hiking in mountains than just walking", September 2016
78,4.0,Great walk but only for people in good shape,"This is a 18km long walk with some parts which are very steep. You will be able to walk on the trail along the fortress wall, to get a panoramic view of Seoul at some times and even (if you have your password with you) enter in a restrictive zone with guards, cameras and motion", September 2016
79,5.0,Let's take awalk,"First of all, let me tell you that I love walking, for real. So when I found out about Seoul city wall, i was so excited. Although I did not take the full route of walk, only partly from the Namsan park, but I was so happy. From the distance, you can see the view of Seoul. But,", July 2016
80,5.0,Great Sunday walk,"The trail is amazing to walk on - it is quiet and really beautiful. You get great views of Seoul . I started from Heunginjimun Gate and walked until Hyehwamun Gate. Right now, in July 2016, the Seoul Wall Museum is closed!!! Although many sites suggest you start from there,", July 2016
81,5.0,Baegak Mountain Trail was awesome,"I did the Baegak Mountain Trail which was one of the more challenging parts of the City Wall hike. As this part is heavily guarded by the military, u will need your passport to be issued a tag. Do not take photographs of any security cameras of picture facing the direction of", July 2016
82,5.0,Seoul city wall,"Did only the part along the Namsan park and the little one around dongdaemun, would like to return some day and try to follow the recommended routes on the Korean tourism website! It's of a much better scale than the one in suwon so do prepare for 1-2 days!", March 2016
83,4.0,Relaxing Hike Along a Fortress Wall,"We did the 2.2 km hike from Hyehwamun Gate to Heunginjimun Gate (Dongdaemun Gate).  After alighting from Hyehwa Station, we walked to Hyehwamun Gate.  However, the entrance to the trail is not exactly at Hyehwamun Gate, it is diagonally opposite of the gate.  We did ask around", October 2015
84,5.0,Steep Walk up the hill to Namsan follow the wall,I didn't know about the city wall until I was walking up to Namsan Park and it was just there in front of me! It is a great structure and when you get to the top of the park you can see the wall all the way down into Seoul.  The wall can be seen from the top of the park and the, March 2016
85,4.0,free long hikes,"The city wall is not very well organized in some sections.  Missing all together in others.  Easy to get lost in...  But some sections are well done and rebuild, especially when combined with local parks.  Anyways, it is very challenging to do the entire wall in a day.  To get", June 2015
86,5.0,"No shopping, no entry fees = Good!","I only did the Inwangsan section of the Seoul City Wall trail, as I took the wrong turn and strayed too far from the next section of the trail, and it started raining too.  So I decided to take a bus back to the city instead of continuing.  Granted it's no Geat Wall of China,", March 2015
