,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Hip place,"Daehangno is well known for the theatre in Marronnier Park, the Naksan Park, and Ihwa Mural Village. The closest subway to these places is Hyehwa Station. The theatre is the centre where many people gather to watch and enjoy free outdoor performances which are performed by", June 2019
1,4.0,"Nice area for theatre, dinner and drinks","Like Hongdae and Sinchon at the opposite end of Gangbuk, Daehangno has a distinctively youthful and laid back vibe, with shops and F&B places catering mainly to University students and young adults. The area is rather quiet even on weekend mornings, with crowds building up only", June 2018
2,5.0,Great place with a nice park,"Great artistic place with many small theartres. Many restaurants, coffee shops, perfect place to meet friends, good place for a date.", May 2017
3,4.0,Vibrant place,"This place is opposite to SNUH and adjacent to Korea Open university, Marronier park. The place is very vibrant, with multiple options of food and shopping outlets. Multiple beauty shops and shops selling clothes are there. However, things are more costly here. ", September 2017
4,5.0,Attractive place for young people,"It is just 15 minutes walk from Dongdaemun. Many arts were installed along the road which is quite attractive and humour sometimes. Many restaurants could be found, especially there are several Korean Barbecue and desserts shops. Fashion and Stationery shops could also be found", May 2017
5,4.0,ideal for a relaxing walk,"A very interesting district with lots of nice street arts, cafes and little shops, as well as cherry blossoms at the right timing in spring", April 2017
6,5.0,Daehagno,It is really one of the most underrated neighborhoods in Seoul. This place breathes art! A place for college students because of all colleges around. Lots of restaurants can be found and some shopping as well., March 2017
7,4.0,delicious coffee shops and hippie shops,"if you want good coffee, come here. if you want to see some art work, come here. its got really good places to eat, and see some amazing plays. ", March 2017
8,3.0,Shopping Street around University Area,"A lot of shops, eg. cloths, shoes, accessories, etc. around Daehakro or University area. Also have a lot of arts halls too.", November 2015
9,5.0,Authentic neighbourhood,"It's one of the underrated neighbourhood in Seoul. We went there after visiting Gyeongbok palace and Bukchon. In different with Hongdae, Gangnam, Myeongdong, it's more like a authentic neighbourhood with lot's of restaurants, cafes and bars with cheaper prices. It's also nice", December 2015
10,4.0,Great place for going out !,"There are a lot of restaurants, pubs, bars and theaters. Also you can buy lots of things on the streets. Also there is a painting-wall village near here so there are a lot of travelers and tourists. worth visiting.", November 2015
11,3.0,For Play Lover,"This place is very famous for the play. You can check out theaters, but mainly they perform in Korean. I do not know whether they offer translation or not. But if you have time, go and enjoy! There are some good places to eat out too.", January 2015
12,5.0,One of the city's most underrated neighborhood,"Daehangno doesn't usually come on top of Seoul's touristic attraction list, but it definitely should. In such a small district, you can experience different facets of Korea's cultural, nighlife and culinary scenes. On the west end, you have Sungkyunkwan University  (Korea's", May 2015
13,4.0,Philippine outdoor market at Daehangno,Daehangno is a nice place to spend an afternoon walking around the restaurants and shops but on Sunday afternoons Filipino vendors sell all kinds of products from the Philippines  as well as some harder to find western products. Lots of street food. Relatively sanitary...i.e. I, April 2015
14,5.0,Here is the street with the young and romance,"Do you like performances like play, concert or musical? Especially if you want to watch a play with your lover, friend or family, and go to a nice and intimate restaurant for dinner, don't hesitate to visit Daehakro. I bet you will have a successful date. Here is the young", October 2014
15,5.0,Seoul's Cultural Center,"Known as Seoul's theater district, off course Daehangno is filled with local cafes, shops, and a lot of local youngsters. Daehangno is a hidden gem, very nice place. A lot of shops uniquely decorate their place so I can't stop snapping my camera :)  You must visit here if you", July 2014
16,5.0,Street for young people,"Known as the street for young people, also ""Play Mecca"". It's like cultural center of Seoul. You will see lots of small theater all over the place when you visit this area. One of the famous thing in here, ""Sunday Filipino Market"" open every Sunday. ", January 2014
17,4.0,bit of young Korean culture?,"Daehangno - means University road. there are 2 or 3 major university around full of young people on the street day and night. Food and drinks are cheaper compare to south side of the river.  full of small theaters, little concert halls around the park as well as bars and", May 2013
18,4.0,Nice and Probably Better if Better Planned,"Lured by the possibility of catching an interesting show or jazz performance, we headed to Daehangno one evening for some food and entertainment. It was too late to follow the walking tour guide of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (which takes you around public areas and places", March 2013
19,4.0,Heart of Korea's Theatrical Culture,"If New York has broadway, Seoul has Daehakro. Unfortunately, most theatres are limited to sketch show types and not many musical in this area. Also, all shows are in Korea. So this may limit your experience depending on your language skill.  However, this area has other things", February 2013
20,3.0,famous street for the plays,"it is one of best areas to enjoy"" play "" of th etheater however, I am not sure if it is same to foreign visitors. atmosphere of the street is very animated in the evening", January 2012
