,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Nice Plaza Without Protests,There is usually something happening in the Seoul Plaza outside the old Seoul City Hall.Protests however can get packed and noisy so avoid if something is on that is politically motivated. On the three visits one was good and the others to be avoided., September 2019
1,4.0,Events and protests rather than rest for the public,The square before the city hall. Good to enjoy events. - They often have protests or events. It's fun to watch events like local product sale. - There's a water fountain and a huge I SEOUL U sign. Good photo zone for foreign tourists. - The old and new city hall buildings look, August 2019
2,4.0,Huge Elegant Square ,"Pretty much the dead centre of Seoul,  a huge square ringed by massive buildings and Seoul City Hall. It's got a nice green area in the middle with fountains and a colourful Seoul sign. Beautifully lit at night. It's a busy bustling place by day ", July 2019
3,4.0,Large open space square,I chanced upon this place on my way to Deoksugung Palace. This open space oval-shaped grass square in front of Seoul City Hall is used as a place to hold various events and cultural festivals. It is a well-known place where tens of thousands of Korean soccer fans gather here to, June 2019
4,5.0,Ice skating,"Ice skating at Seoul plaza is from December to first week of February.  Make sure to check weather particularly yellow dustfor they may suspend activities due to unfavorable weather conditions.   Fee is 1000₩ including entrance, pair of skates and helmet.  ", February 2019
5,3.0,Outdoor ice skating,We went here in December to see the outdoor ice skating. The price is very cheap. Only 1000 won. The ice skating area is not too big. There are some food outlets near the skating area. , December 2018
6,3.0,Not What I Expected,"Seoul Plaza is a big stretch of land in front of the city hall and the Seoul Metropolitan Library. Before coming here, the photos I saw of the plaza showed much grass in the area. When I arrived, nothing but dirt appeared in the vast expanse, which was ringed by colorful potted", November 2018
7,3.0,Decent sized piece of ground right in front of City Hall,I stayed at the Plaza hotel which is just across the road from the Seoul Plaza - a place apparently popular with protesters and demonstrators. During the week that I was in Seoul there were no massive demonstrations apart from a group of well behaved taxi drivers protesting, October 2018
8,5.0,Good place to take pictures and relax for a while.,"If you go near this park, you should check it out. It's on a great location near Gyeongbokgung Palace and King Sejong statue. There are big ""I SEOUL U"" letters which are popular for taking pictures with.", August 2018
9,4.0,Gorgeous park,"You won't find too much to do at Seoul Plaza, but it's a ""must visit"" for all tourists. You'll probably find yourself in the vicinity anyway, touring Gyeongbokgung Palace and the Lotte Department Store (both highly recommended attractions), and the park is half way between them.", July 2018
10,5.0,Short stay,Had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for three days and would definitely stay there again. Food was food and the staff was really nice. I liked that is was really close to a lot of different types is restaurants and things to see. Close the the subway also., June 2018
11,4.0,Seoul Plaza,"Seoul Plaza is an activity location in one of the most central places of the city. Especially during warm seasons, almost each day it is possible to see something interesting in this location. Seoul Plaza is very close to many hotels and restaurants, as well as to main tourist", March 2018
12,5.0,Edward Shin,Edward was so helpful in accommodating me to my room. It was so great service that I immediately got into good feeling in Seoul Plaza hotel. Great service and added value for the business traveler., June 2018
13,4.0,Displays,The is the grassy area near the City Hall. When we were there they had a winter display. Walk by here when trying to get to the subway station., December 2017
14,3.0,"Convenient, unremarkable, next to City Hall.","Located smack in the center of the city, near City Hall––not the most fashionable or attractive part of Seoul, but convenient if your business in the city makes it so––the Plaza is uneven.  The pros first. Great service (I asked for a better and quieter room, and was promptly", April 2018
15,5.0,Plaza,"Right in City Hall, there are protests here most of the time. Temples around, great place to take pictures ", December 2016
16,4.0,Very Good Location and Great Service ,"Seoul Plaza Hotel is very well situated with direct access to shopping areas, Lotte Mall, Myeongdong area and there's also a very nice palace across the street (Deoksugung). The hotel is also very close to City Hall station which is very convenient if you will taking a train", October 2016
17,4.0,A good central meeting place,It's a good landmark to meet friends or to use as a landmark to find your way around.  Often there is usually events held in from to Seoul Plaza grounds which make it more interesting to see., April 2017
18,5.0,Good location and breakfast,"My second time The location is perfect, close to the metro station. Center location for sight seeing. Room just about the size. Very functional. Smart room , lights and curtains.  Nesspreso coffee machine. Breakfast is very good.  The service is perfect. Stayed at the 18 floor.", July 2017
19,5.0,Excellent hotel,I spent 10 days in the Plaza Seoul hotel and I had a great time! The service is excellent and the rooms very comfortable. The facilities and mostly the gym are very convenient as well. I definitely recommend this hotel! , June 2017
20,3.0,"Nice plaza, but nothing to see.","This is a lovely plaza, located just next to the beautiful city hall. However, there was absolutely nothing going on in the plaza during our visit, which was a shame.", August 2016
21,4.0,"Its not the plaza, but whats on","The Plaza itself is nothing special, what makes this place is there is always something going on. Markets, shows, exhibitions. If you are around drop in and see what is going on today.", February 2017
22,3.0,Big plaza in the center of Seoul,"The area is quite big which located in front of Seoul City Hall. You can visit easily by subway and get off at City Hall station. Surrounded with Seoul City Hall, Seoul Metropolitan Library, Deoksugung (Palace) and much more. But... it's always crowded by many people who set up", October 2016
23,3.0,Just lawn in the city when I visited.,"C1 ( 2016.09.29 )  This lawn was located at the front of Seoul City Hall. I knows sometimes events was held this area, but when I visited, there was nothing. So there was just lawn to me. The grass was in good hands", September 2016
24,5.0,Soul of Seoul,"Excellent location, great facilities and service attention to detail. Be sure to get details of underground access mall to Myeongdong and Litte Malls and to try the swimming pool. ", September 2016
25,5.0,A convenient place to stay!,"The location is very convenient to travelers! The most famous central area for shopping, cultural places and street food! A very luxury hotel with confortable beds, amazing view to city hall square and surroundings. Confortable amenities such as slippers etc. ", July 2016
26,4.0,Great Area,"This plaza was right between our hotel (Plaza) and City Hall.  It is a nice green area, but with no trees.  There was a rain/harmonica festival going on and there was a splash park for kids.  Metro stop was across the street. Great statue/fountain or a dog!", August 2016
27,4.0,Great place,Lovely place for family you should visit here.. I will come back as soon as possible... good luck to all of you, July 2016
28,4.0,Great outdoor place while many attraction around ,This place is also referred as city hall. This is a oval grass square front of city hall.  Many cultural events are held here and end of June and till first week of July was hi Seoul festival. I was there on the opening day and had lot of fun and the atmosphere was good and, June 2016
29,5.0,Yoga,Today is international yoga day! Lots of people are lined up ready for a fun event there. Very cool to see Seoul hosting events like this involving its citizens , June 2016
30,5.0,Don't miss it when you are in Seoul,"Seoul Plaza is near the City Hall, there are a lot of shops, hotels and restaurants.  There was an ice skating ring when I was there in January.", January 2016
31,3.0,Attractiveness depends on what is going on,"Seoul Plaza is a big open air place next to the Seoul City Hall. Attractiveness of this place really depends on that is currently planned and if there are any festivals going on. If there is none, then it is simple a big grass square...  When we were there something was going", October 2015
32,5.0,Awesome ,Really enjoyed our stay at the Seoul Plaza. Very well mannered staff who are always ready to help us. I take my hat off for the staff for the respect they gave me and my family. Very well located. Walking distance to nearby markets and awesome restaurants. Nice facility. , January 2016
33,3.0,Seoul Plaza - Really depends on what is on schedule,"Seoul Plaza is a square shaped plaza with a an open-ground space in its centre. Situated next to City Hall in the hear of downtown Seoul, this is where free shows, concerts and other events are held throughout the year. There is even a ice-rink during winter holiday season.  ", November 2015
34,5.0,Eat and Shopping,"I would have to top rate the hotel, the staffs are very well train and speak good english.  The location is a prime location and I can walk under the tunnel to the Lotte Department Store Duty Free.  The room is quite small but clean, there are a pastry shop underground which i", August 2015
35,4.0,In the heart of downtown,"All kinds of things happening here - year round.  Ice staking, soaking in the sun, demonstrations, cultural activities, etc, etc,   Easy to access and jumping off point to several key 'must sees' in this part of Seoul", August 2015
36,4.0,Modern Hotel with great location,This was a modern and high tech hotel overlooking the Palace and the Square (which they used to build the Ice Rink during winter).  They used a lot of lightings to give the hotel a very futuristic look. The corridor was quite dark but that was the charm of it. You could not, August 2014
37,2.0,"Exhibitions, Demonstrations or Ice Rinks","This is just a wide plaza that tends to have exhibitions during weekends, demonstrations and sit-ins during weekdays, and a large ice-rink during winter. Nothing much else really. I had a good view of the square from my room at The Westin Chosen, and for much of the days that I", November 2014
38,3.0,A big square,"This is just a big square in front of the city hall. In winter they put a large ice rink in the middle of this un-extraordinary plaza. If you come during the winter make sure to use the extensive system of tunnels that links many nearby sites including the palace, the two metro", February 2015
39,3.0,Ice skating during winter!,"Every year during winter, an ice-skating rink is set up at Seoul Plaza (서울광장) for everyone and anyone to ice skate. The admission fee is really cheap, at only KRW 1000. Rental of ice skates is free, but remember to bring along your own gloves as they only permit entry to those", December 2014
40,4.0,"Nice place, perfect grass.",really nice place to hang out when visiting city hall and the old city hall. The grass was very green and lush. There was a plant market there when we visited., April 2014
41,3.0,Ice Skating!,They offer ice skating for 1000KRW in winter which is pretty sweet even if you don't ice skate and just want to watch people who are actually good at it--whenever I walk out onto the ice I fall on my butt so I think it's amazing when people don't!, December 2012
