,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,1.0,Really disappointing,"This is a few metro stops from the center of Old Seoul. Not difficult to get to on line 1 but not worth the trouble. The place is quite large but the goods are mostly of no interest, or just stuff like clothes and shoes sold in so many other places as well.", January 2020
1,3.0,Interesting but not really worth the walk from DDP,"I love a flea market, especially when in a fascinating country, but this was a bit disappointing. Lots of items far too big for hand luggage and lots of tat but little I was taken by. I particularly look for vintage clothes and fabrics and Olympic memorabilia but that was all a", September 2019
2,4.0,Nice Market,"I enjoyed my visit.  The goods are grouped in designated areas, but all that interested me were the antiques.  I surprisingly found several items I would buy under other circumstances.  My limitations, concerning fragile items were 2 packings and 3 flights in the coming days.  I", October 2019
3,4.0,Interesting to see things from decades ago,"This is like an antique market having things in the past. Good to spend 1~2 hours. - They have various items like Dongdaemun Market or Namdaemun Market. The difference is things here are old. Clothes, fashion accessories, military stuffs, musical instruments, toys, electronics,", June 2019
4,3.0,Worth a stroll,Wasn't impressed with anything here other than seeing the market in its entirety- it is huge - lines a lot of streets. There are some food stalls so you won't go hungry. There were a couple of items I liked but couldn't get them on an aeroplanes. Just an interesting thing to see., June 2019
5,5.0,Great Shopping,A real hidden gem.  Our driver suggested this place and we were not disappointed.  Some really top quality items at bargain prices enabled us to wipe out our shopping needs in one stop., May 2019
6,3.0,Interesting & fun flea market,"A nice flea market, not just housed in side the Folk Flea Market building, but also outside in all the surrounding streets. Many of the goods on sale were typical flea market things, military, new stuff, furniture, clothing etc so you really need to look carefully to find hidden", July 2018
7,5.0,Is exactly what it says it is - a flea market.,"We came with no presumptions other than the fact it was called a flea market, so we didn't expect to see anything in particular. We were both very pleasantly surprised to see so many film cameras from the early 1900s to mostly 1960-1980 era cameras. We marvelled at the variety", September 2018
8,1.0,Don't bother!,"I went here expecting a real craft experience, there was only one crafts stall. The rest was a glorified garage sale with everything was a real muddle. Only highlight was a delicious pancake at the upstairs food court. Needs better sorting and more crafts like it advertises.", August 2018
9,3.0,Good people watching ,"Such a contrast to the shopping malls of Seoul.  Mostly vintage, aka used, clothes.  Some street food, nothing too tasty (I love street food).  Most of the stuff is of low quality and cheap.  It’s still worth a walk through.", August 2018
10,2.0,Vintage and army stuffs,"If you’re vintage collector or keen on buying army stuffs, this is definetely a must to go place. Most sellers not really good in english so make sure you sharpen up your hanguk tongue to get cheap price. Some people may see this as junk. Well, one man’s trash is another man’s", October 2017
11,2.0,Not that special,"There antique market actually includes a antique mall, stalks and street vendors (ouside the mall) that sell antiques, second hand furniture, clothing, accessories, camera, and many more.  You can find some authentic designer handbags and a lot of knock-offs.  The antique mall", October 2017
12,5.0,A great day out picking!,"Huge selection of stalls and shops with everything vintage, plus tools, clothing, shoes as well. Wander the streets, many little cafes and restaurants to take a break from shopping. Friendly people always try to help with limited english.", December 2016
13,2.0,Not worth the visit,I was there at eleven o'clock in the morning and most of the shops were not opened yet. There was an unpleasant smell in the market., February 2017
14,4.0,Antiques and secondhand.,It's a great place if you like collecting old/antique stuff. Or if you want to find something unique as decoration for your shop/cafe/room.   And it's located not far from Sinseoldong station. , February 2017
15,2.0,Disappointment - Just a common flea market,"Although the name is Seoul Folk Flea market, it doesn't really showcase anything Seoul or Korea. It is just a flea market selling old goods. Might be of some interest to some locals interested in antique or used items. It is not as good as the posters and banners depict as seen", August 2016
16,5.0,A very neat way to experience the locals,"I am a collectible-aholic and found this place amazing!  The area is huge and you can get just about anything you want, from antiques to junktiques to collectible to second hand goods to used/new stuff, electronics, etc.  There is one main area that is in a building that has", September 2015
17,4.0,Great place to visit on a weekend!,"The alleyways, full of professional yard/garage-salers, are great.  The prices are a bit high, but you never know what you will find.  I recommend going one weekend, just to orient yourself with all the shops in the building and in the alleys.  Then, when you have an idea of", November 2015
18,3.0,Junk,"I'm sorry, but I'm just not into buying other peoples junk.  We went hoping to find some craft shops selling local stuff, but what we found were piles and piles of junk.  Anything you can imagine piled to the ceiling, rows and rows of it.  If your looking for some battery", September 2015
19,3.0,Go if you've been to Seoul many times,"I visited the flea market the second time I'd lived in Seoul and went there at least four times. It's nice, but not a place to visit on your first, second, or third trip to Seoul. It's a great way to blow a couple of hours in the afternoon - if you've seen all the palaces,", July 2014
20,3.0,the slow market,"if you're expecting to see attractive market or shop like crazy in this place, you'll be disappointed, obviously. but if you want to see different side of seoul--the real everyday life of seoul, then you come to the right place!  for the shopper or those loving crowd, this place", November 2013
21,4.0,"A must, If you´re a real picker!","Guys, It ain´t no tourist place, with no tourist food, just everyday ordinary korean life. I loved it, I love to hunt for treasures among the junk. I would be there at least every month, if I was living in Korea. Take some time to walk around the building for there are many", November 2012
22,3.0,Nothing for tourists,"This is an inside, small market with some really nice items like old records and furniture. If you live  in Seoul you can find great things for your house, but as a tourist? There is more western style items than korean or traditional items. The food is also nothing traditional,", November 2012
23,1.0,Almost a total waste of time,"I was led to believe that this was the place to come if you want vintage junk bordering on antiques.  There was very little of that here.  The entire second floor consited of rows of booths all selling the same things.  hair products in one row, bootleg cd's in another, sex toys", April 2011
