,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,A good spot for a weekend stroll in the park,"Besides nicely paved lanes and beautiful scenery, the park has several amenities where you can enjoy your time with your friends and family, like the outdoor tennis and badminton courts. It's such a surprise to find a tranquil and peaceful park so full of green in the heart of", August 2019
1,5.0,Beautiful park,"Vast park in the middle of Seoul. Nice place to relax a while after sightseeing. Also next to Under Stand Avenue, a nicely done shopping center made of container with some interesting restaurants and stores, a little more low key than common ground.", November 2019
2,4.0,Best to go in autumn,"Seoul Forest is easily accessible by subway. Change at Wangsimni to go to Seoul Forest Station (K211). After exiting the toll-gate, there is a lift at the end of the floor to take you to the street level. Turn left and then right to enter Under Stand Ave. There is a good eating shop on your left. Cross the road to enter Seoul Forest. Last year, the autumn colours were stunning but because of the long summer and dryness this year the ginkgo and maple trees were somewhat disappointing. It is still a good place to walk.", November 2019
3,3.0,Just OK,"Huge garden with performances on some days, without which, there isn't much to see. A lot of green and few flowers when we visited in early October. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to visit this place. There are more scenic nature walks closer to the city.", October 2019
4,5.0,Great moment ,"I went to Seoul forest to enjoy the weather with a friend.  the place was really nice, we almost forgot that we were right in the center of Seoul.  the weather was perfect and the leaves in the orange color of autumn were perfect.  short a good time, I recommend this park.", November 2019
5,5.0,Beautiful outdoor space,Wonderful place to spend a beautiful day. There are tons are walking paths and benches. The park is filled on the weekend. You can rent bikes and ride around the perimeter of the park. There is a lot of shade., October 2019
6,5.0,A bit cold but Great time!,"I visited Seoul and really enjoyed the time with my friends. We stayed in the capital for 2 nights and explored some famous sites there: Gyeongbokgung Palace, Bukchon Hanok Old Village, Seoul Stadium... shopping at Myeongdong was a must and tasted street foods there which would give us happy time for the trip.", March 2019
7,4.0,Relaxing Day,A great place to walk around and enjoy some space from the hustle and bustle of Seoul.  A very child friendly environment., August 2019
8,5.0,Nice walk in the city,It's an oasis in Seoul. Walking in this park/mini forest really makes you think you're out in the country side. It's very relaxing and enjoyable. Many attraction for kids as well. Great for outdoor activities., May 2019
9,5.0,A very nice large park,"Came here for a walk with our toddler, and had lots of fun. A great big playground, a little corner with some water-themed equipment nearby. Deer feeding was prohibited, not sure if permanent or temporary... Large territory to explore with lots of pretty views and photo opportunities. Not sure it's a good option as a tourist destination, but if you want to spend some time with kids in a park and explore the territory, then it's the place to go.", May 2019
10,4.0,beautiful park in the middle of city,"There are 2 subway stations nearby the park. one is green line and the other is yellow if i'm not mistaken. I think the yellow line is nearer than the green line. This park is not so crowded, we came around 6.30 pm and had a great time enjoying cherry blossom.", April 2019
11,3.0,Nice Place to Relax,"We visited Seoul Forest early to feel the morning breeze since the temperature when we visited was still around 9deg. As the name implies, it is a big place. There are so many areas to visit but it takes a lot of walking to reach each part. And some directions won’t lead you to what is indicated. The only area we enjoyed most was the Tulip Garden where flowers are in bloom and in different happy colors. There are even cherry blossom trees in between. It felt refreshing and very calming. If you are a nature lover, you can try and visit Seoul Forest.", April 2019
12,4.0,Beautiful sea of tulips ,"This was my second visit to Seoul Forest. I went on Saturday and I was surprised how many beautiful tulips there were still blooming at the tulip garden. The park was crowded, but it was still leisurely and I enjoyed my time. I will return in the fall for the foliage. Definitely, check this place out if you are looking to spend a leisurely day out. There are a lot of cafes and restaurants surrounding the park, as well some snack places on the premises.", April 2019
13,5.0,Calm place in Metro city... Well-managed park.,, April 2019
14,5.0,Seoul Forest Spring Visit,, April 2019
15,3.0,Large park. Bad time of the year to visit,, March 2019
16,5.0,Nice walk around the park,"If you're staying somewhere along Apkujung or Cheongdam, this park is just across the river on Seong-su bridge. Nice place to go for a run.", October 2018
17,5.0,cool place,I went in spring so it was really chill bring your mat and food to picnic and chill there! the cherry blossoms were in full bloom really just gorgeous !, April 2018
18,5.0,Beautiful autumn colors,"In autumn, Seoul Forest becomes magical as the various trees change into yellow, orange and red. The weather is cool so it is more pleasant to walk around.The forest is easy to reach by the Seoul subway. At the Seoul Forest station, use the lift near Exit 3 to reach the ground level. Turn right and then left into Under Stand Avenue. I spent some hours in the forest, exploring the various parts. From the entrance, I kept to the right of the forest as the trees on that side were particularly colorful.The weather was cold, so the bird corner at the far right was empty. Then I turned back to the rear of the forest where the Ginkgo Road, under the afternoon sun, was absolutely absorbing. From there I passed under two bridges on my right to reach the Deer Corner (with spotted deer). Later I returned to the entrance, passing by the lake. I spent over 4 hours there, totally absorbed by its beauty in autumn. The forest is huge hence it is important to plan your walking route beforehand.", November 2018
19,5.0,Quiet and pretty park to walk in,"We enjoy walking in city parks and this one has sculptures, a deer consul, insect and butterfly gardens (although the latter sections are bare bones in October.) If you have children, there are some  good play structures, slides and lots of free space to run around in.", October 2018
20,5.0,A silence from busy Seoul,"This park is well managed and a great place to enjoy autumn of South Korea. If you want a silence from the busy city of Seoul, this place is where you should be. Check out pork BBQ shops nearby as well.", October 2018
21,4.0,Lovely park,, April 2018
22,3.0,Family walk,"This is a park and not really a forest as the name suggested. There are many areas to sit around and have picnic, This is a park where locals will go and have their week end family picnic or gathering. Nothing much for the tourists.", October 2018
23,5.0,nice,"Beautiful park to go to, if you have time visit this place for sure. you forget that you are in a city when you walk there", April 2018
24,5.0,Nice and beautiful,"I went in early October. The trees beginning to change colour from green to orange. Very relaxing, beautiful and calming.", October 2018
25,4.0,Peace and quiet after the noise of the city.,"I always enjoy getting out into fresh air and be amongst trees. Worth the train travel to reach this lovely spot. Walking paths good. Relax and rejuvenate with the peaceful surroundings. A few deer in an enclosure sure to delight. You can walk all the way to the main Han River with great views of city. Basic cafe on site, but you can bring your own food and enjoy anywhere in the park area. We loved our visit.", October 2018
26,4.0,Good for picnic and bicycle,"If you look for the place for picnic and bicycle around eastern area of Seoul, this is the proper place to go. You can rent a bicycle or can bring yours. It’s good for walk and have rest throughout the day.", October 2018
27,4.0,A little but tricky to navigate but very enjoyable park,"Lovely park with fun slides and play areas for kids, interesting areas like the deer corral and insect rooms, and lots of lovely greenery. Some of the signage had us looping around trying to get to certain areas and I ended up having to use GPS map to get to some parts.", October 2018
28,5.0,Oasis for locals. Don't expect much as a tourist attraction.,, September 2018
29,5.0,Bigger than I had expected ,"This park was lovely, with beautiful greenery, landscaping as well as architecture. Managed to take some nice shots. Wasn’t too crowded on a Tuesday morning. Worth a visit.", September 2018
30,5.0,Butterfly Garden,, September 2017
31,4.0,Nice Place for a Walk,"It is a very modest place where mostly elders go to exercise. There are also deers that you can feed by buying their food from a vending machine. There is also a piano for the public that anyone can use. However, you will not find much activities to do especially during the weekends.", September 2017
32,2.0,Disappointing at best,"There's just nothing much to do here and a whole lot of bugs. There is, however, a public piano, if you can play", August 2018
33,5.0,walk in the heat,lovely place especially when its hot. lots of places to cool down rest and enjoy the sound of trees. Allow atleast 4 hours to find all there is ...and there is loads for children and adults to enjoy, July 2018
34,4.0,A nice tranquil park in middle of city,"This park is vast, quiet and has a few interesting gardens such as butterfly, insect and deer garden. My kid has a good time there.", June 2018
35,5.0,charm place,"Espeasialy in aoutumn very lovely views with the color full of the treas , if there is wind you can see the leaves fill down like a rain oh i love it.", July 2017
36,5.0,Beautiful Park,"We went to Seoul Forest on a Sunday morning.  It was accessible by subway, and there were many families with young children in the park playground and strolling around.  The place was clean and well maintained, and there were bikes and four wheelers available for rent.  We rented a few although they were quite pricey, and we had an hour of fun biking around the huge park.  The weather was cloudy and cool, perfect for playing on the lawn. We brought along a frisbee and inflatable ball, and had a great time playing together.  There were also cafes and restaurants nearby and we had lunch there.  We walked to the Deer enclosure to view the deers, but the feed for the animals were already sold out by the time we reach (around 3pm). Nonetheless, we had a great day at Seoul Forest and it is a great place for a family outing.", June 2018
37,4.0,1st time to Seoul Forest,"I enjoyed walking around Seoul Forest. It was my first time visiting and I was surprised to see how big it was yet so easily accessible. Lots of paths to walk on and spaces to rest in the shade. There are plenty of benches, picnic tables and common sitting areas. Many people were also enjoying their picnic on the grass. A nice place for a family day or just for anyone who wishes to be in the nature in the midst of the city. With all the different trees, I think it will be lovely there in the fall.", June 2018
38,4.0,Beautiful cherry blossoms in early April,"It was raining during my visit so there were no many visitors. The place is not difficult to find but it is advisable to research for it on internet before you go. From the Seoul Forest metro station, there is a lift that takes you to the ground level. From the lift exit turn right and then left into the "" Under Stand Avenue"", a short street with shops built from metal containers. If you are hungry there is a noodle shop with reasonable prices. Once in the forest, you can find the cherry blossom road on the left. The cherry blossom trees are large and they flower in early April.", April 2018
39,4.0,Great park,"The place is serene. If you want to relax, exercise and take great photos, this park is one of the many places to be in Seoul. I would love to go biking someday around this beautiful place. Went there before spring comes to full bloom, but it was still gorgeous.", March 2018
40,5.0,Such a gorgeous park in the middle of Seoul ,"A must see place if you have time in Seoul. The place is good for picnics and families to enjoy the spring weather and greenery. Further in, you can see deers and rabbits etc in the park. The cherry blossom trees lined the entire stretch inside which was beautiful. Great place for photos.", April 2018
41,3.0,Meet some deer,, March 2018
42,4.0,Very nice park,, March 2018
43,5.0,A necessary moment of peace and calm during a visit to a busy city.,"I took a walk through Seoul Forest in February. Despite most of the plants being brown and dormant for the winter, I enjoyed the quiet and the design of the park. I can only imagine how much more wonderful it would be in the warmer months. With all of the activity in a busy city like Seoul, this park offers a moment to walk, talk, think, and rest before heading of to the next activity. In winter, go at least to take a walk. In the warmer months, plan to stay awhile longer and sit or play.", February 2018
44,5.0,Very peaceful place,We went there for a quick walk on the last day of our trip. Seoul forest is located pretty much in city center and is easily accessible. It was very nice to walk around the park in a peaceful quite atmosphere., March 2018
45,5.0,Great day in the forest ,Wow ! In a busy city it’s a wonderful getaway. We really enjoyed the peaceful atmosphere of the forest in a city. I highly recommend it., June 2017
46,5.0,Lovely all year round,"Very nice big park. Lots of space for a picnic now the weather turns warmer as well. If you like deer, make sure to go see them. The ""understand avenue"" is also worth a visit if looking for a nice beer or handmade goods.", March 2018
47,3.0,Cozy but tiny,"It is very clean, with beautiful artworks installed here and there. However being a Russian I could not call it a forest... For forest is something massive, at least when you cannot see the end of the forest upon entering. Seoul forest is sort of park to me, a tiny island of nature - I would say.", October 2017
48,5.0,Favourite place in South Korea,"Seoul Forest is underrated but it’s my favourite place in South Korea especially because we went there on the middle of Autumn. It was beautiful and just provides you all the romantic —or otherwise dramatic— ambiance. With all the trees wearing different colours. Besides the deer park, my favourite place is the small stadium with a piano at the center. Make sure you practice your piano pieces before going here. It will be a memory you’ll definitely keep.", November 2017
49,4.0,Nice park - lots of art ,"I took the train here - very easy and cheap. Train station is only a 5 min walk to park. This park is very large, I probably spent 2 hours walking around it taking pictures. There are pretty birds; trees; art sculptures everywhere; deer corral; insect exhibit and tropical garden centre and more. Give yourself time, perhaps pack a lunch (though lots of good cafes around) and enjoy the space. I was happy I went (tskuem station on line 2 is what you want for the park)", March 2018
50,5.0,Simple but cute,"Actually, we expected more from that place but it's still really cute. You can have a walk there with your partner/family/friends/dog, etc. It's convenient and it gives some calm even though it's in Seoul", May 2017
51,5.0,Great place to take kids,"Beautiful park, great place for the kids to run around and exercise.  They have very unusual playground equipment, wonderful stuff I've seen no where else.  The insect garden was cool and we all loved feeding the deer.  Easy to get to by the metro.", March 2018
52,3.0,Went to see the deer with a friend,My friend took me to Seoul Forest and we spent half a day there. It was a huge park and there were deers., December 2017
53,5.0,beeeeautiful!,"you cannot go wrong with a trip here! if youre in s. korea, and within an hour or so drive... youll not be disappointed in any way! i would have driven 2-3 hours to see this beaute'", June 2017
54,5.0,"Beautiful, peaceful",Seoul Forest is a beautiful spot in the middle of the city. I visited in November and the weather was perfect. The cool temperatures coupled with the autumn leaves made it one of my favourite spots in Seoul. Be sure to bring a camera to take lots of pictures. There is also a shipping container shopping center near by., November 2017
55,4.0,A ROMANTIC PLACE,I would  definitely go back there.. One of my favorite place in korea.. too cold but that's fine i enjoyed the romantic ambiance of the place❤️, November 2017
56,5.0,A Fantastic Place Hidden Among the Skyscrapers,, March 2017
57,3.0,"One for the ""Seoul-on-a-budget"" itinerary",, October 2017
58,4.0,Nature in the middle of a busy city!,"Great place for a change of scenery! The forest isn't that big, but it is full of at least an hours worth of things to look at! I was there in June and the weather in Seoul was hot and very humid but, the trees in the forest provided a lot of shade.", June 2017
59,5.0,Amazing forest in city town,, September 2017
60,4.0,Good good^^,I always visited there when i’m in Seoul. There is such a calm place in a big city. It is a good place to take a rest. I can enjoyed my autumn with colorful leaves. I will go back again and again., October 2017
61,5.0,Best for autumn visit,There is a food truck area upon the station exit.  You get to visit here during autumn season for the ginko leaves., November 2017
62,5.0,Nice to visit in Spring and Autumn,"One of the nicer places to visit in Spring or Autumn for its cherry blossom or fall folliage in Seoul. Visited there in Autumn and wasn’t disappointed at all. It’s like forest bathing, you get to soak in nature and spend some relaxing time in the forest. Great for families, couples and even solo travelers to visit!", November 2017
63,5.0,Nice for walking,, October 2017
64,5.0,Very beautiful ,, October 2017
65,3.0,A large park with some colourful gardens (at the right time).,"This was on my list of places to see to complete my 'I've seen most of Seoul' list. While it was a pleasant afternoon I would have said the park was a bit of an anti-climax. If you live in Seoul it would probably provide a great opportunity to get back to nature, but as an Australian it was like many of our 'parks'.", October 2016
66,5.0,"If you have a free day, good for couples.","Not comparable to Bukhansan, but nice for a day trip, if you have time to spare. I loved the atmosphere change and the good time. Worth it.", August 2017
67,3.0,Interesting get away,, June 2017
68,5.0,Forest,Big forest. Good weather makes this the perfect place to relax. The location isn't best but is a healthy environment for families and also couples, May 2017
69,5.0,Lovely weather makes for.. ,"A lovely bike ride around the park. Seoul Forest is hugeee! If u skateboard, there's also a skatepark with ramps and halfpipes.", November 2016
70,5.0,Fabulous large park with 5 distinct sections,"This is a great park for visitors of all ages to enjoy the outdoors for free. The Seoul Forest park has 5 distinct sections and is too large to see all of it in one day. There are nice, wide paths for walkers and bicyclists. We found the park to be extremely clean and well-landscaped. Bring your camera and a picnic lunch! There is also an impressive schedule of concerts and performances to see at various venues throughout the park if you like to plan in advance. We like to go simply for nature walks and find something new to do at each visit. One of our favorite discoveries was a large observation area where visitors can see different types of deer up close.", April 2017
71,3.0,Forest,the forest is clean but not so much to see except feel the good breeze of the air and so good to travel on spring season, April 2017
72,2.0,Forest is an exaggeration!,, April 2017
73,5.0,Serene and Deer,"Nice place to take a stroll, feed some deer, look at the Han River, and go on a picnic among the grass, trees, and water.", March 2017
74,4.0,Nice park in seoul,, December 2016
75,5.0,Tanquil ,This is a large area of paths and trees in the middle of Seoul.  Having visited in February there wasn't as much happening as there would be at other times of the year and the trees and fauna was dormant. However I would love to see it in the spring. The area was very peaceful although we could hear the traffic in the background.  We saw the deer through the fence but the corral wasn't open when we went., February 2017
76,4.0,Nice & Peaceful Garden in the Middle of Seoul,It's a very nice & big garden in the middle city of Seoul. You can enjoy morning walk or evening walk. A lot of nice things to look around. You will see a stunning view during the autumn .... colorful leaves. Enjoy your day with some nice books here., November 2016
77,5.0,Beautiful and big park in Seoul,"Very big park / forest in Seoul. You can feed deers, talk around. It's just like a forest, but you do get urban and traffic noise. A must go. One of the few green attractions in Seoul.", September 2016
78,5.0,Enjoyed Seoul Forest more than Seoul city,"This was very nice to find in the huge city of Seoul.  A nice peaceful place, not just another mega shopping mall.  We enjoyed our visit in October 2016.  We walked through the forest and enjoyed the fall trees, though they were just starting to turn. We really enjoyed feeding the deer.  The butterfly house only had one species of butterfly so that was a bit disappointing.  The forest is easy to get to using the subway.  Weather was warm enough to just wear a t-shirt with a sweater over top.  Ideal for all ages.  There are play areas on site for those with children.", October 2016
79,5.0,Nice walk in the park,, December 2016
80,5.0,Seoul has a firest,"Seoul has a forest? Yes and it's wonderful. Enjoyed our walk, fed the deer, went to the museum. It was great!", October 2016
81,5.0,The oasis of peace,"The Seoul Forest amidst the hustle and bustle of the city is a surprise. The well-planned eco forest is a must do for adults and kids. The play area is innovative, the deer park also serves as a good attraction. But the best part of the forest is the walk among the foliage and the bridge which takes you from forest to harbour front. I loved the planning, the thinking and the cleanliness of the place.", November 2016
82,5.0,Awe-inspiring beauty,"It was autumn when we visited this place. Never expect that it was so beautiful and peaceful. It's even more beautiful than Nami Island. There were only few people or tourists in this park and that's what I love about it. If you want to feel the autumn vibes in Seoul, this is a must visit place with so many autumn trees in different colors.", November 2016
83,5.0,Oasis in the city,"It felt a bit weird to be in a lush garden with high rise office buildings in the background, but this place is well worth a visit to chill out and take a break from the city. Aside from various gardens and forests, there is also an insect display and butterfly garden. There is also a convenience store on site. The forest is easily accessed via Seoul Forest subway station. There are tours that will take you here but it isn’t necessary to be on a tour. Entry to most areas is free and there are plenty of signs to help find your way around.", November 2016
84,3.0,A nature and picnic park,"The day was cold, cloudy and miserable so our time here could have been much better. This is basically a nature zoo with a selection of exhibits to view, rides and activities for kids/teens and picnic areas mixed in with walks, gardens and small shops. A better day would have made us stay longer, but 2 hours was enough for me. The autumn colours were beautiful and the area well kept, clean and easy to navigate. Sunny weather would definitely provide a more positive adventure.", October 2016
85,5.0,Healing park for Seoul citizens together with visitors as well.,Promenaders would like trot around the park. They also can visit small park of deers. Han river side walking trail is very nice to enjoy scenic river view., June 2016
86,4.0,Relaxing and fun,"Step away from the city for some peace and quiet. Rent a bike or tricycle. Check out the deer and ecopark. Walk, sit, play, relax. Enjoy.", October 2016
87,5.0,So Good So Green,"It is a chance to see the natural side of Seoul but there can be mosquitoes so take your cream/spray with you. You can feed deers and have a picnic. Also there is really beautiful disabled-friendly children's park, insect museum etc.", September 2016
88,5.0,Excellent atmosphere!!!,Had a blast with my wife and two daughters.  Spend two 2.5 hours there.  A wonderful relaxing environment!, September 2016
89,5.0,One of the best parks in Seoul,"So serene and beautiful. Lots of things for children. Check out the splash pad, the deer park, bike rentals and the playgrounds! There's a million things to do here. Great date activity and great day with the kiddos.", May 2016
90,5.0,Peaceful,So beautiful and peaceful. Great for anyone. Nice. Great walk. I think it is an amazing experience!!!!!!!! Just great!, August 2016
91,4.0,A little peace in a bustling city,Great place to go with kids. There are deer to observe and a nice playground. Very easy to reach and quiet., July 2016
92,5.0,Natural Oasis within a busy city,"Seoul park is the perfect getaway from the busy city of Seoul. The park has everything one needs for a perfect getaway. Great for picnic, meditation, naps, biking, strolling, and even deer watching.", July 2016
93,5.0,Beautiful walk,"Seoul forest is such a wonderful place. Lots to see and do. I couldn't quite believe the walk-in butterfly house was free entry as it is well maintained and a wonderful experience. Butterflies are free to fly around you so not for those afraid of bugs (some butterflies are quite big and there are a few dragonflies too). There is also a deer feeding area where you can buy deer food from the vending machine which costs 1000 won. Seoul forest is quite a large area so if you want to explore it all, get those walking shoes on! Definitely worth a visit and is a cheap day out.", June 2016
94,5.0,Good for the afternoon ,Went with the kids for the afternoon. Was able to rent a bicycle with only a driver's licence. There are enough activities to keep kids occupied for a few hours including feeding deers a park for children and a water playground., June 2016
95,5.0,Beautiful ,, June 2016
96,5.0,Excellent way to escape the city,"We visited the 'forest' as Seoul was our third stop on a trip around cities in the Far East and wanted a break from the business of the built-up city areas. The forest is more of a park than a forest but still was well worth visiting. We spent most of an afternoon here, walking the park and discovering hidden areas (small animal area, deer retreat, children's park, statue park, etc). The cafe overlooking the lake with fountains was peaceful and we happily sat with a drink and ice cream here for over an hour. We found somewhere to rent bikes by the hour (all sizes, and tandems!) for a reasonable price, and although we didn't use the facilities there were tennis and badminton courts. Overall was a great way to get out of the city and also away from touristy areas for an afternoon - would definitely recommend to someone looking for the same, particularly in summer.", May 2016
97,5.0,Beautiful Park,"Seoul Forest is an amazing place to visit on a sunny day. Plenty of paths to walk, flowers in bloom and seats to sit on under the trees. The Butterfly Garden and Insect House are great, even for those without children. The Deer Corral is also good, with a vending machine out the front where you can buy food to feed them for only 1000 won.", May 2016
98,5.0,"If my child is happy, I'm happy.",, May 2016
99,5.0,place for relaxation,"Away from most traffic noise, Seoul Forest is a fantastic way to spend a couple of hours to stroll around and be with nature. I was there in April and the paths were lined with rows and rows of cherry blossom trees. The crowd was manageable when I visited on a Saturday. A lot of people were riding bikes and feeding the deer. There is a small corner for bunnies and a butterfly enclosure too. I think it will be great to visit during the autumn as well.", April 2016
100,5.0,Spring Time at Seoul Forest,, April 2016
101,5.0,"Beautiful place, not crowded","This is probably one of my favourite areas in Seoul. I hope it’s not going to be inundated with people the next time I visit. The place is huge and it takes a long time to really cover all of it. Unfortunately, by the time we arrived almost all of the cherry blossoms were gone :( But we still managed to take photos of really nice flowers and just the general scenery which is beautiful. It was pretty chilly when we were there but it was a comfortable walk around the park. A lovely place to gather with friends and have picnics. Will be back here again next time!", April 2016
102,5.0,"Got there before the cherry blossoms, but I saw deer and bunnies!",, April 2016
103,5.0,Gorgeous sakura at Seoul Forest - can spend more than half a day here,, April 2016
104,4.0,Nice place with small children,, March 2016
105,5.0,Very nice place to bring the kids to spend 1 whole day,, December 2015
106,4.0,Nice area to chill in Seoul,"I would recommend to visit Seoul Forest if you want to take a break from busy city life. It is quieter compared to Hangang park, and more suitable for a picnic under the trees. It is best to visit during Spring and Autumn. You can take a bus and subway from Apgujeong area, easy to get to as well.", September 2015
107,5.0,Escape the City,"Fantastic family spot for days with pretty weather.  There is a small skate park, many cycling lanes (bring your own or rent a bike or buggy), in the summer, little kids can play in the water feature and there is a chaging room. There are some animals down on the far end and a couple of different playgrounds.  No entrance fee makes it even more an amazing deal.  Bring the kids and a small sun tent and relax for the whole day.  Bring a picnic or have something delivered right to your picnic spot!", June 2015
108,5.0,Beautiful park in the middle of Seoul,"This place is amazing.  It doesn't feel like you are in the middle of a thumping big city.  A green space with artwork, grassy banks, trees and flowers, paths to walk and ride on, a deer park, bridges, fountains and a lake.  This is a lovely destination for a picnic on a sunny day and easily accessible by public transport.", June 2015
109,5.0,Fabulous Break from the Action,"It is easy to get caught up in the excitement of Seoul, but Seoul Forest offers a wonderful break in the action and a chance to breath, relax and soak up some natural beauty. This is an extensive park that includes lovely walks, natural surroundings, educational exhibits such as a butterfly garden (particularly fun during a winter visit) and deer park where you can feed the deer. Restrooms and snack bars abound. Easy to get to on the metro, too. For our family, Seoul Forest was a bit of a hidden gem that we found only because the palaces were closed for New Years and we wanted something to do...but you can seek it out as a destination. I know we will the next time we visit Seoul.", January 2016
110,4.0,Great place for a stroll,"We went on a Monday so it was very quiet, not many people around. I enjoyed feeding the deer the food I purchased for 1000won  from the vending machine", November 2015
111,4.0,Wonderful autumn scenery!,"It's a great park! Many surprises within! Away from the hustle & bustle of the city. Initially, I thought 1.5-2 hours should well be enough, but I spent around 3h inside! The park is full of autumn colors! The disappointing part is the Hangang River, as it's filled with the traffic noise. It's free admission, and you can get a free map from the Information counter near the entrance. It's a good free attraction!", November 2015
112,5.0,A great place to relax,Seoul Forest is a great place to relax. You can have a picnic and enjoy nature while still being in Seoul., February 2015
113,5.0,Nature & more nature,, October 2015
114,5.0,Do not expect a forest....it's a park.,, September 2015
115,4.0,Had a pinic at Seoul Forest,My friend suggested we went to a no-so-touristy spot in Seoul and early in the morning we started our trip to Seoul Forest by metro and we were there for a few hours walking around and taking photos.  There is a deer park in Seoul Forest., October 2015
116,4.0,A good place to be,"Butterfly garden was wonderful. Overall, the forest/park is great for a walk, bicycle ride or a lazy lunch/brunch. Great atmosphere.", September 2015
117,4.0,A great place for a stroll,This is a pretty good sized park which is great for families to take their children to. During the summer kids can get wet in the fountains as they shoot up and come down at various moments. Take them to the large playground with two long slides that they would love. You can find a lot of bike paths for couples and parents to ride along or you can play catch on of the two big areas of grass (one path is even lined with apple trees!).There are plenty of places to relax and many people even bring their tents. If you get bored you can see some unique modern art on the grass or check out the fish and waterfowl in the lake as well. The only downside is that it's a very popular place and it gets very crowded on weekends., September 2015
118,4.0,Take a break!,"It's a lovely park either to walk or to cycle. It's less crowded on week days. If cycling, you can get there via the cycling path along the Han River and through an underpass (it's indicated although a bit hidden). There are several attractions: the deer enclosure is probably the most popular among visitors. But there's also an insectarium and a butterfly  conservatory, as well as a convenience store, tennis courts, playgrounds and lots of green areas for picnicking. The forest is public and admission is free.", August 2015
119,4.0,A nice park to play in but don't go on Mondays,This is a lovely park to walk around in. The playgrounds are fun. There is a little stream to walk in to cool off. The only thing is we went on a Monday and a lot of the attractions were closed like feeding the deer and the butterflies., August 2015
120,5.0,Cherry Blossoom,Visited the park few times but the best time to visit (based on my expirience) is during the famous cherry blossom....it was sooo nice there. But the park is really nice to visit all year long :), September 2014
121,5.0,Get close to the nature!,We cycled here via Hangang. The place is so pretty with cherry blossom petals falling from their trees. Sadly the ecological forest is only open in summer and winter so we didn't get to see the deers. Great place for strolling and cycling. There is also an inline skating rink., April 2015
122,5.0,Haven,It was awesome!  Great place to cool off in the fountains and walk in the shaded areas... The butterflies were magnificent!!!  In love with the forest!!, July 2015
123,3.0,Nice for a Stroll,, July 2014
124,4.0,Beautiful,, May 2015
125,3.0,Big park,"We found it to be rather average. It was nice, but nothing out of the ordinary. If you are nearby, it's a nice park to go relax and walk around. However, we found nothing special to warrant the travel time to get to it if you're a bit further away.", June 2015
126,5.0,Fun and Relaxing Park,, June 2015
127,3.0,Not bad,It was not like a forest.  Just a park.  But you can rent bicycles and ride along the river banks of Hangang River., March 2015
128,4.0,Escape the summer heat,"We dscovered Seoul Forest about 6 years  ago when our children were quite young and it has remained a firm summer favourite. There is plenty to keep kids busy for a few hours from climbing frames and slides, feeding of the deer, followed by a cool off in the play fountains (don't forget your bathers). Now that our kids are getting bigger, we take bikes and cycle from the park to the river. There are toilets and fast food. The car park can get full quickly so be prepared to queue.", September 2014
129,5.0,For nature lovers..,, November 2014
130,4.0,excellent choice for a family picnic,"the place I like best is the playground where the very long slide is installed. Many kids line up to go down the slide  and it's really fun and exciting. After you have fun at this playground with your kids, you go to the wide lawn for eating your lunchbox. And then you look around the forest. If you  want to participate in activity performed in the park, you can book it via seoul forest website in advance. It's going to be fun and a good memory for your kids.", December 2013
131,3.0,Nice park in the middle of the City,"Seoul Forest is a nice park in the center of Seoul, with a nice environment. The park is big enough to make you forget that you're in the city. Nice playground for kids. However, although clean overall, it wasn't as maintained as other parks I visited. Also lacked cafes, restaurants shops or other ""great"" attractions to make this a ""must-go"" destination. I'd recommend visiting Seoul Dream Forest instead.", November 2014
132,3.0,Unfortunately Disappointed,, October 2014
133,4.0,"Easy to reach, a nice leisure park with wetland in the center of a capital",, April 2014
134,4.0,Good place to relax,, August 2014
135,5.0,Amazing forest in the middle of the city,, April 2014
136,4.0,lush greens and blooms in the city,, April 2014
137,4.0,Fun Natural Area of the City.,"We came to the forest and rented some bikes for the afternoon. It was fun to bike around and see the forest, lake and statues. It is quite far from the city center, we took the subway there then a taxi. There are playgrounds for children and it is surprising change from the rest of the loud, crowded city. There are lots of areas for picnics or just quietly relaxing.", September 2013
138,4.0,Great place to spend a day,, December 2013
139,5.0,Seoul Forest is worth the trip!!,"I am amazed that i am the first one to comment on this hidden jewel, yeah maybe its a little far from seoul but it was a perfect place to get away. Ride the yellow line train and its clearly marked to get to the Seoul Forest. The landscaping is really good and there are many things to see and do inside the forest. You can rent a bike, there is a butterfly area where you can actually go inside and the live butterflies are fluttering all around.. its free?? Great place to take pictures, if you are into flowers then you should go during the spring and summer but i prefer the fall when the mosquitoes are under control. There are clear maps to see and there are certain sections of the park labled so you can choose your interest. There is a place that you can buy food to feed the deer.. great chance for kids to see and feed the deer and they are always hungry. There is a bridge section that allows you to walk from the park all the way to the Han River. Its a great place to grab an ice cream and walk around with friends or families. Plan on spending some time just to go to every part of the park and you can even continue on and walk around the Han River. Good place to picnic and take pictures. The best part is... its free??? Enjoy", October 2013
