,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,1.0,Not possible to book ticket for non resident foreigner. ,Tried to book a ticket but apparently they don’t like non resident foreigners. To book you need to become member and membership is only allowed for Koreans and resident foreigners.  This is actually pure discrimination and a shame for the beautiful and friendly Korea., December 2019
1,4.0,Good experience!!!,"Came here for a free concert. Inside the hall was big and nice. The exterior is nice too, beautiful architecture. Outside, nice place to roam around with nature and have a nice meal on the bench. You can also walk around here, look at the beautiful fall leaves and trees.", October 2019
2,4.0,Near city hall,"It Was open, free of charged, 2 floor of contrmporary art, big building, not that fan of su hijo art", October 2019
3,3.0,the place to go when you want to experience something new,"No need to take the bus, you can walk from the nearest train station to Seoul Arts Center for about 10 minutes. Intriguing aesthetics but not particularly remarkable architecturally; decent spatial organisation but an architectonic bore.", May 2019
4,5.0,Amazing arts center,, July 2019
5,1.0,The peak of unkindness,"It is one of the best exhibitions in Korea. It is terribly unkind. It is worse than Paris, famous for being unkind.", January 2019
6,3.0,Not welcoming to English speakers,"I've been to the Frida Kahlo exhibit and the incorrectly titled - Picasso and Cubism exhibit (January 2019) at the Hangaram.  Hangaram museum does not have English docents (unlike Leeum) , English pamphlets or English descriptions of artwork.  The museum features important shows but is not interested in attracting anyone other than locals.  Most preposterous - The PIcasso & Cubism exhibit had as their piece de resistance - Picasso's Three Dancers from 1925 - not the original but a rug with the image!.  The marketing poster of the exhibit features this image giving the impression  that the exhibit would include the original and not a rug that has the licensed image.  Also, although the show was extremely impressive and featured a number of Delaunay's most important work- the curator really should have come up with a less misleading name for the show.  There was hardly any work by PIcasso and Braque.", January 2019
7,4.0,Hangaram Art Museum,, December 2018
8,1.0,Terribly Disappointing Customer Service ,"My friend and I have been looking forward to seeing The Nutcracker for months. I couldn't book the tickets online because their website booking system was all in Korean and for members only. So I called and booked the tickets over the phone. I guess the woman who helped me book them last month didn't understand what I wanted and booked us tickets for a morning concert, instead of The Nutcracker, on the same day. Upon discovery of the mistake, they were execptionally polite. But only had one pair of seats left at a price higher than we were hoping to pay. I certainly didn't expect them to give the ₩90 000 tickets to us for free...but certainly at a discounted price. I understand that it was mostly sold out, but COME ON! It was entirely their fault we had the wrong tickets and couldn't get the ones we wanted earlier. And they had seats available. Disappointing follow through on a customer service mistake.", December 2018
9,5.0,World class facilities.,"I went hear to listen to a chamber recital as part of the Goethe Institut of Korea's celebration.  The parking was very easy to access though I can see some accessibility issues for handicapped.  The smaller IBK Chamber Hall we went into was well designed - good acoustics, sightlines and acoustics.  The lobby has a small music store with a collection of good CDs and LPs for sale.  The outdoor grounds are pleasant as it is set against the mountainside.", September 2018
10,5.0,Good Rest Stop Between Tours,"This is a good stop for history, souvenirs, and there is also a very nice coffee shop inside as well as clean restrooms!", September 2018
11,1.0,Don't bother,, June 2018
12,4.0,Not a bad way to spend a warm day,"Nice museum with permanent exhibits and rotating ones as well as other arts like Opera, classical music and dance. I spent a few hours there looking at art and stumbling into a contemporary dance show which was pretty good and very original. It was a little hard to find a taxi out off the area.", June 2018
13,5.0,Wonderful perfomance!,"I had a lucky chance to visit the perfomance of ""Anna Karenina"" in Seoul Arts Center... 2 hours of pleasure🙄 Even everything was in korean I understood each part because of amazing roles played by actors❤ Thank you for such a good job!", February 2018
14,5.0,Amazing ,"We attended an orchestra at the concert hall it’s amazing I tried so many times to book for the concert online before i arrive to seoul but it didn’t work so the minute I arrived to the hotel the hotel employee made the reservations for me and gave me a reservation number , we followed the directions listed on the site we went by subway from city hall station . I showed the reservation no for the ticket counter employee and she gave the tickets easly. We enjoyed the concert and when we finished we went to watch the music fountain its so beautiful.", April 2018
15,4.0,The Seoul Art Center Concert Hall  for the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra concert featuring English tenor Ian Bostridge,"I visited the Seoul Art Center in Seoul Korea and attended the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra concert featuring a world-renowned English tenor Ian Bostridge.  The hall acoustics was great and my seat was in the first low of the left-side lower balcony.  Starting with Debussy's Three Noctures for Orchestra the concert continued the presentation of Benjamin Britten's Nocturnes for Tenor and Small Orchestra Ensemble.  The final piece was Gustav Holst's the Planet.  Among them, I enjoyed the Benjamin Britten's work the most.  Ian Bostridge's voice is not of high=strength and volume.  However, his intricate tone quality, the interpretation and presentation was very artistic and moving.  After the concert I have returned listening his Schubert, including ""Die scheone mullerin"" and ""Der Winterreise"".  Brave! Ian Bostridge.", March 2018
16,5.0,A collection of galleries ,, March 2018
17,2.0,"2018, No English?","I understand if you do not have English for temporary exhibits, but there is no excuse for not at least having an English audio guide or even one single pamphlet in English.  Chinese, Thai, Australian, and North American tourists rely on English translations; we should at least have an opportunity to understand what the museum has to offer.  To be this exclusive sends a message that foreigners are not welcome.  You guys are hosting the Olympics in two weeks?", February 2018
18,4.0,Seoul Arts Center - Giacometti Exhibit,"Enjoyed visiting the Giacometti Exhibit at Seoul Arts Center - at the Hangaram Design Museum. Nice exhibit showing details of Alberto Giacometti's life, education and evolution as an artist. Would have liked to have seen a bit more english descriptions since I don't speak/read Korean. But the exhibit was very nicely curated.", December 2017
19,5.0,Where Art Meets Technology,, March 2017
20,1.0,No online reservations in English for almost 12 months now!,"Seoul Arts Center's English online reservation service has been unavailable for almost one year now. I have used this facility to buy my tickets for ballet performances - when ticket sales open there is a mad rush to get a seat in a good place in the theater, all the best seats have always gone before ticket sales open - I am told they go to the sponsors.Telephone bookings are not satisfactory - last time by the time the girl had slowly taken my details she then told me ""sorry the seats have gone now!"" seats were only available 8 rows further back! SAC - please reinstall the online bookings in English!", August 2017
21,5.0,One of the finest museum in seoul.,"It has always been some interesting exhibition going on such as Van Gogh, Renoir, etc... Just like the national gallery in London I'd say.", May 2017
22,5.0,Always A Treat,"Ensure you check the exhibition schedule which can range from classical performances, dance, to beautiful artists from curated collections.   Always a treat!", April 2017
23,3.0,A huge and great complex for music listening but...,"Seoul Arts Center has a large footprint with several music halls of international standard. The acoustics of the music halls are of very high standard and so are the world-renowned musical guests who come from far away places. In these two aspects, this complex is truly first class. Moreover, the back side of the complex is surrounded by a relatively small mountain range and hence, the surrounding is quite peaceful with off&on arts exhibition, etc. Generally a nice place to spend a lazy hour or two listening to wonderful concert or alternatively walking around or even going up the mountain which has easy access from the complex. What this complex really lacks is first class hospitality services area. Average to poor restaurants, mediocre shops, mediocre coffee shops, etc. This is generally true for Korea which has first class hardware but the software is lacking, although improvement is under way. But sadly, not yet!", November 2016
24,5.0,Finest operas and ballets in Seoul,"In my first out of four years in Seoul, I was a season subscriber to SAC. This allowed me to enjoy the various operas, concerts and ballets presented in 2013. I wasn't able to renew my subscription the following years due to long hours at work. but I otherwise went whenever I had spare time. The quality of the performances is very high, and I am constantly impressed by the high technical skills of the instrumentalists in the concerts.", June 2016
25,4.0,Good place to enjoy cultural events.,, April 2017
26,5.0,Hidden Gem in Kangnam area,Beautiful place. Have lots of quality exhibition year around with great restaurants and cafes. Even small Ice Skating rink in the winter months. One stop shopping for your artsy needs. Highly recommend to visit., December 2016
27,5.0,Great culture event,"When visiting Seoul, I would suggest spending some time here. This place provides a flavor of Korea and at the same time a great place to escape the cold outside", January 2017
28,5.0,Hangaram,"Hangaram Art Museum is part of the Seoul Art Center. Is huge! Lots of galleries and exhibitions. There is a coffee, lots of souvenir shops", March 2017
29,4.0,Great for Groups or Couples,"I've been to this center many times. If you keep an eye on their website, they will get very interesting exhibits. They have had a Studio Ghibli, Steam Punk, Impressionist Art (Van Gogh), and Freida Kahlo in just the last four years. The musical performances are also good, but you might need a Korean friend to help you get tickets.", October 2016
30,4.0,One of the largest museum in Seoul,There are endless schedules of exhibition in this huge museum. Usually 3 or more different exhibitions are open simultaneously., March 2016
31,4.0,Excellent Exhibitions,"The Hangaram Art Museum offers world-class art exhibitions on collections or topics. I experienced several of them, among others there was an exhibition on French impressionists or ongoing a collection for the 30th anniversary of Musée d Orsay.", January 2017
32,4.0,"Spacious, organized and convenient venue","I have attended 2 events at the Seoul Arts center and have been impressed with the venue each time. The venue is well-organized with a spacious concert hall, well-marked and convenient restrooms, and several dining & snack options.", December 2016
33,4.0,Concert Hall,, October 2016
34,5.0,Tamara de Lempicka and Alphonse Mucha Double Header,"You couldn't luck out much better than to see two exhibitions of the Queen of Art Deco and the Father of Art Nouveau.  Tamara de Lempicka for the first time in Korea, and Alphonse Mucha for the second time here in 3 years.  Both give a great retrospective on the work of the artists, and the Mucha exhibition shows a very surprising angle on the fact that a majority of Japanese Mange Anime is highly influenced by his style and graphics.  All my friends said ""No way!"" but the evidence is irrefutable.  Although the weather in December was not conducive to experience the outside grounds and overall magnitude of this wonderful Center, we loved our experience and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Seoul.", December 2016
35,5.0,Holiday Tradition - The Nutcracker,, December 2016
36,5.0,Wonderful night at the ballet,We attended the Korean National Ballet to see the Nutcracker. The facility was beautiful and we had a wonderful night!, December 2016
37,4.0,Beautiful venue,, December 2016
38,4.0,Great Arts Facility,"This excellent facility provides spaces for music, opera, plays and art concerts of all kinds. There are also international art exhibitions at the galleries on site. In winter they even have a skating rink outside. It is a 10-15mn walk from Nambu bus terminal station.  It Could do with a better selection of dining options though.", November 2016
39,4.0,Clean and Convenient Museum Experience,"Exhibits world-class art exhibitions, mostly on world-tours. It's clean, cheap and convenient. Know what they are showing before you go!", March 2016
40,5.0,Opera house/theater and concert hall are in the same venue.,, October 2016
41,4.0,Impressive Cultural Statement,, September 2016
42,4.0,art place with concert hall,"not only painting.  there are concert hall, traditional music hall, gallery etc.  it is art complex. you may experience all of music of seoul", November 2015
43,3.0,Hangaram,"I was there for the Frida and Diego exhibition , the show itself was amazing and well organised, but I had a hard time finding the place, English info are not very clear on their website and I ended up visiting 2 times not knowing that it will close on every last Monday of the month . I was surprise that such a big museum had no English translation in the show and was unable to connect to their wifi at all. In conclusion, this museum is not very ""foreigner-friendly""!", July 2016
44,5.0,A massive complex,, July 2016
45,5.0,Korea 2016,, June 2016
46,4.0,High brow high end hit production value arena perfect for musicals,, August 2015
47,4.0,The musical,"At this time, there is a musical, "" The 42th street Broadway musical"" It's Korea but all the actors and actress were so good. You would have fun with story even though you didn't understand the language.", June 2016
48,4.0,Tres chic,This complex is cool for its architecture and the variety of arts programs offered. I went for the Frida Kahlo-Diego Rivera show and was not disappointed., June 2016
49,5.0,Very nice center with different halls and nice shops,"I attended a concert, Korea Symphony Night, there at the Concert Hall. The event was part of Rotary International Convention. The venue is very nice because there are different halls, shops, gallery, and coffee shops. It's recommended that you plan your transportation in advance because I had a tough time getting a taxi at night after the concert, especially with so many people competing for the limited number of available taxis. I would recommend that you attend an event there. Photos attached.", May 2016
50,4.0,For Musicals and Art,"I haven't been to their shows but I always go for their art. They are able to get great exhibition curated for people in Seoul, so it is always the best. I really enjoyed the Frida and Rivera exhibit showing their whole life of works. Also, mid summer they have watershows on the terrace and is really fun to watch with family and friends.", June 2016
51,5.0,Gracious Evening,Easily accessible by the Metro the Arts Centre is a collection of Performing Centres. We attended the Concert hall which inside had similar character to Sydney Opera House to listen to Korean Symphony Orchestra. A great concert and the Choir for Beethoven's 9th were supberb., May 2016
52,5.0,Fantastic Venue,"We took in an orchestra concert while visiting Seoul and the Arts Center was impressive.  Multiple venues in this complex, including a ""dancing fountain"" set to show tunes.  Extremely nice facility.", May 2016
53,5.0,A wonderful place for Art lovers,"The concert hall is beautiful built with lot of capacity.Look for some events. It is pretty difficult to find taxi ,if you finished your concert at night as the nearest subway train station is a bit far.", May 2016
54,5.0,Beautiful venue that really care about the arts,"I've been here a few times, one to see 42nd street and the other time for the Van Gogh exhibit. Great venue !", June 2015
55,4.0,A Good Taste of Korean Culture,"A multi-functional art and cultural complex at one site, consisting of Opera House & Concert Hall for performing arts, Art Museum and exhibition facilities for visual arts. I visited there for Design Art Fair 2016. Many local artists exhibited their creative art works, ranging from handicraft, design accessories to pop art objects. It was a very good taste of the latest design development in Korea. Highly recommend to check in advance if you find any interesting show/ exhibitions before you go as it is not very close to the center of the city.", May 2016
56,5.0,Great Cultural complex in South Korea,"Fantastic building, with over 2 milloin visitors a year. It houses the Opera house, Music Hall and has over 2 million visitors each year. It houses the Hangaram Art Museum with Korean  culture and its diverse exhibitions of international scale. A must visit if one i interested in the highly interesting culture South Korea has to offer.", April 2016
57,5.0,Great Place To Watch High Quality Musicals,"I watched Werther at Towol Theater and Rebecca at Opera Theater, both located in SAC. The accoustic of the theaters are really good, the seats are comfortable, the building is nice, staff are helpful, and of course the musicals are awesome.", January 2016
58,4.0,Great to go with kids on summer nights.,"The SAC is not very large but has a constant selection of art exhibitions, theatre performances and activities. It also holds lighted, musical fountain shows during the summer in front of which there are stalls of food from various countries. The only reason I did not rate this place as excellent is because of the heavy traffic that surrounds this area during rush hours, and its distance from the metro station!", August 2015
59,5.0,Amazing Culture,, October 2015
60,5.0,"The Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra is without a doubt, one of the most amazing experiences to be had in Seoul.","I had the pleasure of being invited to box seats for a performance of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been one of the most amazing experiences I've yet to undergo here in Korea.  I would highly recommend this to anyone and everyone!", April 2015
61,5.0,Highlight of our trip,"There are so many thing to see here. We went to hear a symphony and our seats were fantastic. They bring in some amazing artists and it is worth it for you to look at their schedule (some English available, and we bought our tickets easily online and picked up at will-call) to attend something here. The subway stops very close to the center, so it is very accessible. Our program ended at 10:30 pm, but the subway is pretty crowded until around midnight, so it was very safe for us to take the 30 minute journey back to our hotel.", November 2015
62,4.0,An attraction worth visiting,, October 2015
63,5.0,For Those Who Love Art,Well as an graphics designer i love art and am always looking for new inspirations Hangaram Art Museum features some of the most heart warming art work by many well know artist. finally a perfect place for inspiration. i loved it totally recommended place for all you art lovers., August 2015
64,5.0,Great Art,"Seoul Arts Center is a representative art and culture complex of Korea, A must visit place when you are in Seoul", May 2015
65,4.0,I love dancing fountain,I love dancing fountain here. Good to bring children to play and eat here. All exhibition are affordable., September 2015
66,5.0,excellent korea arts center! high standard place for classical and arts!,excellent korea arts center! high standard place for classical and arts!  problem is so expensive here..., October 2014
67,4.0,Worth visiting.,Simply beautiful. Its a pity that I only have few hours to tour this place. Would love to come back for another view., October 2014
68,5.0,Music fountain is very good,"local people also love here to see many art perfomances, music fountain and to just rest. specially i love the music fountain which is running with time table.", July 2015
69,5.0,Best art space,"I think it is the best art space in Seoul! A little bit far from the center though. Usually go there for classical concerts or musicals. Amazing theater inside, best in Korea probably.", August 2015
70,5.0,Best art space in Seoul,One of the best art museum sin Seoul. A little bit far from the center though. Visited here Botero and Modigliani exhibitions and was always excited to visit this place., July 2015
71,5.0,Beautiful Opera House.,"This is a beautiful opera house.  We saw the Nutcracker here and really enjoyed it.  If you have time, get there and see a show.", December 2014
72,4.0,"Good shows, aging facility","Hangaram Art Museum is a great place to see traveling exhibitions.  As a resident of Seoul, I come here to see the work of artists that I would otherwise have to take a long flight to see.  For example, the museum is currently running shows of the work of Botero and Modigliani.  The facility is showing its age, though.  It needs a bit of freshening up.  The art shop in the lobby has recently had a facelift and looks much better for it.", August 2015
73,5.0,Good place to see local and international shows & exhibitions,"As a Seoul resident, I'm very fond of this place.   I come here several times a year to see exhibtions and concerts.  The largest hall features operas and musicals, including ones from overseas, while the smaller hall -- which has fantastic acoustics -- showcases orchestral and symphonic music.  In addition, there are several art exhibition spaces that host blockbuster shows.  Botero and Modigliani shows are running currently.  The complex also features shopping and fine dining.  There are also walking trails on the hill behind the complex.", August 2015
74,4.0,"Very interesting Arts Center, just on account of its architecture, but too much to see in only a day","Regular art exhibitions and performances are held in this place. Generally, an exhibition does not allow you to take photographs, and you have to place your bags and other valuable stuff inside a locker and remember the locker code. I found that the Munhwa Jeondang area where the art exhibitions are held is only 1/3 of the Arts Center, because there are also a musical hall for performance, an academy for the arts somewhere behind the Jeondang exhibition halls. A day is simply not enough for combing through all the various exhibitions, even if you are very ambitious, and I think that you will come back for more! The architecture is rather interesting, and combines Victorian and abstract modernist designs with Korean concepts.", September 2014
75,5.0,Place for the artists,, July 2015
76,5.0,Concert Hall ,Great performance and great staff. The hall has great acoustics and Orchestra is very talented. Take the subway line 3 and look for the shuttle bus service that is free., July 2015
77,5.0,If you are in the mood for modern art,"Already your mind is open to new things just by being in Korea, the Arts Centre then has excellent modern installations on a giant scale. Well worth a visit", June 2015
78,5.0,Huge arts venue with different areas of interest,"A little far out of city centre but huge place with multiple art museums of different interests and performance venues (eg. contemporary art, graphic arts, cartoon and illustration, music) so there is something for everyone. Although was very disappointed that none of the official (and unofficial) websites mentioned the closure of the Calligraphy Museum for renovations (till sometime in 2016) as that was the main purpose of my visit there. Nonetheless caught an excellent travelling/temp Mark Rothko exhibition so wasn't entirely wasted trip.", June 2015
79,3.0,"Hello, do you still have this competition until now, I badly want to visit korea since I was a kid. I really love watchi","i have ever go to thailand , and malaysia , i love thia country , i know this country , i can learn more  about this country . i am so happy with thai, and.....", July 2015
80,4.0,I blame the people,, June 2015
81,4.0,Difficult to find,"The performances are world class and it was easy to book on line, but getting to the centre was difficult.  Take the subway and get off at the Nambu Bus Terminal stop. The SAC is not far away from there but not easy to find; the hopper bus, took about 45 minutes through the traffic so I suggest you take a taxi from the station, for the less than 5 minute drive. Getting back to the subway afterwards is simple - follow the crowds to the main exit where you get onto the green hopper bus no 11 for the 5 minute drive to the subway.  There is lots to do at the SAC so get there an hour or two before your performance starts.", June 2015
82,4.0,Good Art Hall,, June 2015
83,5.0,art lovers,the best of Asian art to be observed  and sometimes to chat with a top artistA resting place when one needs one  from the hectic city life, April 2015
84,5.0,Chamber Symphony Orchestra Concert was amazing,"I have visited two art exhibitions, done one print making class and attended a performance by the Chamber Symphony Orchestra at the Seoul Arts Center and can't recommend it more highly!  The Rothko and Print exhibits were amazing, though nothing was in english and there was no english brochure we could use, but since the Rothko exhibit came from the National Gallery of Art their online tutorial about Rothko was amazingly helpful!  As part of the Print exhibit we paid to make our own prints which was very fun, the artist guiding us through the process spoke perfect english as he had lived in TN for a good while.  And the Chamber Symphony Orchestra concert on Mother's Day was a wonderful gift!  It was a little warm in the auditorium that day so make sure to wear layers. The sound was perfect and playing quite moving.  We also enjoyed the musical fountain show outdoors afterwards.  Since we live in Seoul we drove and parked in the convenient lots right there. It's better to pay inside for a quick exit!", May 2015
85,4.0,LOL Drum Cat Show!,, September 2014
86,4.0,Really nice and different,"I went there almost by accident, I just visit a temple and was on my way to the historical museum and I past it, free admission, went inside some of it was closed, but I was there for about 40 min and I like it.", March 2015
87,5.0,Choices.,With multiple theaters and 4-8 events a day I can always find an interesting performance. I gravitate towards the soloists in the two smaller halls. But have seen the larger productions in the opera hall. I show up a half hour before the show. Buy a ticket. Get a glass of the house red at the small wine shop in the lobby and thoroughly enjoy my time there., March 2015
88,4.0,A very peaceful place,The koreans love their orchestra and other art performances. The place is a very nice and quiet place. Its definitely worth a visit. Check out the fountain too., October 2014
89,5.0,A place to enjoy Arts,"This is a beautiful place where you can enjoy all the preformances and shows that real art can show . Also you have a water fountain that it dance with ligths and music , very nice show .", January 2014
90,3.0,Intresting art,"There was lots of good art from all types of people. It had classic pieces and more conventional pieces in it. I am not a great fan of art, so I did not enjoy it so much.", April 2014
91,5.0,Music lover,I attended three classical concerts and all of them were of high quality. I was mesmerised how enthusiastic the Korean music lovers were, October 2014
92,4.0,Beautiful architecture,A very interesting place to stroll around.  The cultural scene is vibrant and the structure is beautiful.  Worth to see it., September 2014
93,5.0,Dracula The Musical,"Enjoyed the musical, had a great time and the actors were amazing. Only bad thing was that it was raining after the musical and getting a taxi was a difficult task.", July 2014
94,4.0,Expansive center caters to all five senses ... including taste!,"A respite from the hustle and bustle of city streets, SAC (its nickname) is a large complex on the southern edge of Seoul backed up against a wooded mountain that's a bit hard to reach (need to take a mini-bus for 5 minutes from the nearest subway, Nambu Bus terminal station) but if you have tickets to a concert, opera, musical or whatnot, try and come early to savour the atmosphere and stroll about the grounds. They've built up the area to include a myriad of cafes and restaurants, so you could in theory have dinner and coffee before an evening show (but probably not after; they don't stay open late if my memory serves me...) They may also have some art exhibits, and there's a traditional music institute on the premises that might display some instruments. It also has authentic traditional Korean musical performances at reasonable prices (much better than the downtown tourist shows..), so inquire into that if that's your thing. You will find some English speaking staff at the main building, and overall a sophisticated cultured (i.e., ""well-dressed"") crowd comes here so if you don't want to turn heads you should dress it up a bit.", May 2014
95,5.0,Creativity lies in the heart of Seoul,"Speaking of creativity, Seoul Arts Center would be the hub of them all. Artistic architecture building from the outside is enough to lure us in to view the quiet & glamorous interiors. We were awe by the creative product display, paintings & sculptures. Even a florist shop was so beautiful in there. A place where you can fuel your mind with creativity at ease. (well that works for me, what about you?)", April 2014
96,5.0,Check it out!,"Great place to spend a few hours...or a day! You can Google the current exhibitions, but it's worth a visit anyway. Lovely outdoor area with food/drink stalls. Didn't see any other travellers there, so quite nice to be there amongst the locals. Took us a while to find our way there by subway so look into that before you set off!", May 2014
97,4.0,Interesting international exhibits,, January 2014
98,4.0,An enjoyable experience,"Took a train and then took an idyllic 10 min to the Seoul Arts Centre.  There is also a shuttle bus from the train station if you can wait for it.  Otherwise, it is very easy to find by foot.  The Center is well planned and all the various sections are easy to find; which is important.  We managed to catch a great exhibition here (Kusama Yayoi) and it was good fun.   We liked the place so much, we came back in the evening to watch a ballet.  Would definitely recommend it to friends.  Our only dissapointment was that the Calligraphy Museum was closed and the people could not inform us when it would be open.  Otherwise, it was a good and enjoyable experience.", June 2014
99,4.0,Nice to watch an Opera here,"Was here to watch the beautiful CARMEN opera and was very impressed with the Opera House, beautiful and comfortable seating - stores nearby, clean signs in english as well to tell you where to go, food places around for intermission", June 2014
100,4.0,Not a bad place.,"Its nice, and has a fine collection of goods. I was not disappointed,Yet, the exhibit is a bit small sometimes, but what do you expect from a ""free"" exhibit anyways?", July 2013
101,5.0,Oasis of Art,, April 2014
102,4.0,very good,seoul arts center has everything an art lover would love to see... it was a pleasant day spend at the center.. many events also takes place.., May 2014
103,5.0,Many to Explore,Worth a visit! Many great exhibitions and shows available at this place. We went to see Kusama Yayoi's A Dream I Dreamed and loved it! Take subway to Nambu Bus Terminal then take a shuttle bus or local bus there., May 2014
104,4.0,Very Nice attraction,Seoul arts center is very popular and very good attraction that you must visit. Many collection you can got from here., April 2014
105,5.0,The Center of Arts of Korea,"The Seoul Arts Center is an architecturaly impressive complex of theaters and exhibition halls that are constantly and concomittantly in activity the wole year round. Great local and international concerts, operas, ballets, painting exhibitions and other attractions are always in function at any moment of the year and frequently places the visitor at loss on which of the not to be missed spectacles to choose. It is not uncommon that I go to the Center two or three times in the same week, in spite of the distance from downtown and the umpredictable traffic at rush hours. Definitely a must place for arts lovers.", September 2013
106,4.0,Hypnotic,"The palce is very cool with lots of informative details about culture,life,history and tradition of KOrea .The center is located among beautiful scenic beauty in large stretch...", July 2013
107,5.0,Conveniently located,"It is very affordable to take a taxi from Hongdae to SAC (  15000 won ), a 30 minute ride. Commute after concert is also good - a shuttle bus goes to Nambu Station but expected it to be very,very crowded. Facilites wise( restaurants, washroom ) , it is very good and adequate.", December 2013
108,5.0,Must visit in Seoul!,"In my trip to Seoul six months ago. I was invited to Seoul Art center because acording to my friend, this is a perfect place for an art fan like me. I was so suprised because of it's architectural style, it looked like a  Korean royal traditional hat in a modern way. And inside is even more impressive: There are tons of events was held inside, exhibitions, music concerts, very excited. This is a good destination for tourists to explore korean culture.", April 2013
109,4.0,A great night out....,"I went to Parsifal at the Seoul Arts Center last week and it was fantastic.  I have only ever been to concerts before but this venue for the opera was  wonderful,  the sound of the artists clear and easy to hear.   We also had great service from the restaurant downstairs - delicious  food and a reasonable price for such a place.   The buildings and architecture are impressive as well.    Its a fun place to go to for an event of any kind.", October 2013
110,5.0,Amazing,"This is the largest art complex I have ever seen in one place. The architecture is impressive and the place is buzzing with life, people and events. There is something for everyone and every age without distracting from the main objective of the place: this is an art center and not a theme park, but still everyone is there and seems to be having fun. Many different events occur simultaneously in different buildings. There is an opera house, an orchestra house, art galleries, folk arts performances and more.", October 2013
111,3.0,Quirky art gallery with rotating artists - Insadong,"When we visited I was amused at the assortment of artists they had collected to display together.  Almost comical animal art, caricature rude art, landscapes and symbolic architecture.  It was an amusing step into the imagination", July 2013
112,5.0,My favorite place in Seoul,"Seoul Arts Center is the place for arts fans. Apart from impressive exhibitions there is a music program on offer that is top world class whether in the huge concert hall, in the Opera House or in other smaller halls. All great orchestras and musicians that tour East Asia have a stopover in Seoul Arts Center. Ticket prices are fair and easily accessible through internet with a refunding policy that is very attractive.", July 2013
113,5.0,The best art place in Seoul,"Seoul Art Center is the best art place in Seoul. You can enjoy every kind of art, like musical, opera, and fine art.", February 2013
114,5.0,unusual design,"if you are an art lover,this is the place to head to,great exhibitons and the building itself is worth to visit for its architectural features", March 2013
115,5.0,South Korea Art District,"My girlfriend and I were visiting the palace in S. Korea and we just decided to walk North towards some nice cafes and stumbled across the Art District and a great shopping area.  We are from San Diego and it reminded us of La Jolla, CA.  There were plenty of upscale restaurants and shops.  We stopped into Miss Blingins by Jayhaus and bought a pair of nice all leather boots.    Very romanitc area too so perfect for a date.  Many young people were out on dates that evening and it was a Sunday afternoon/evening.  I would definitely go there again.", March 2013
116,4.0,Date Place,A good place to hang out with your girlfriend. Lots of events every month. Check it out on a Warm Evening., July 2012
