,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Find out why the North Gate was always kept closed.,"Visit the museum and you'll understand Seoul.  A short walk from Dongdaemun Metro Station (on the green line), past the East Gate (Heunginjimun Gate) in the City Wall Park is the Seoul City Wall Museum. It's a small free museum on 3 levels with excellent displays and commentary", September 2019
1,5.0,Small but excellent museum.  And free!,No reason to get a guide for this museum.  Short walk from the Dongdaemun Gate so take the metro (or taxi) and do it yourself and if you have the time (or energy) walk a bit of the wall itself.  Museum has plenty in English and really explains the history of the city (and the, September 2019
2,5.0,Great museum!,"Exhibits had excellent English descriptions. Well presented. Enjoyed learning about the different gates and how the wall evolved over the years. Very near the East gate, so makes for a good visit for both. After visiting museum, you can exit onto the wall and walk up it for an", September 2019
3,4.0,Historical and Cultural significance of Hanyangdoseong-FREE,"While walking through the Dongdaemun City Park I accidentally came across the Seoul City Wall Museum.   Excellent staff, answer questions and provide brochures in English.  The museum has both a permanent exhibit and a special exhibit hall.  The day I was there the special", September 2019
4,5.0,History hidden in plain sight – visiting the Seoul City Wall Museum,"Located right next to the subway station at Dongdaemun, the museum and city wall don’t immediately stand out against the Seoul’s modern backdrop of cafés and commerce. However after climbing up one of Seoul’s trademark killer slopes, the Doseong Museum holds a treasure trove of", March 2019
5,5.0,5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD VISIT HanyangDoseong,5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD VISIT #HanyangDoseong  #Seoul City Wall (18.627 kilometers) with more than 10 hours walk......where natural beauty meets with history.  The wall built more than 600 years ago to save Seoul city. The archeological beauty of the wall will surprise the, March 2019
6,5.0,Excellent free city museum,A short walk away from Heunginjimun Gate in Dongdaemun is the very interesting free City Wall Museum.  The museum is housed in a beautifully designed modern building and exhibits are spread out over three levels.  The permanent collections can be found on the first and third, April 2018
7,3.0,Nice INTRO Museum for the Seoul City Wall!,"If you are already planning to start at Dongdaemun Gate and walk the Seoul City Wall, this is a nice way to learn some history and build context.  I enjoyed learning that during each time period, different wall construction was used.  I looked for this as I explored the wall.  I", June 2018
8,4.0,a wonderful and free museum,This museum is off the beaten path and honestly I stumbled onto it as I was following the wall.  It's a great museum that describes not only the construction of the wall as other museums do but the approach to managing and maintaining it.  There are lots of interesting exhibits, June 2018
9,4.0,History of Seoul,The museum is connected to the Seoul City Wall. While the museum is small it does provide a great deal of the life for the people of Seoul. There are 3 floors to this museum. It is free to get in. For some reasons this place doesn't open on Monday. That is the only day that it's, November 2017
10,4.0,Small and Free,Small museum but interesting and it's free. The location is up on a hill so you will have a nice view of the city while you're up there. , August 2017
11,4.0,Free museum about Seoul's city wall,"Small museum over 3 floors which informs you on the history of the city wall. Details various construction methods over numerous rebuilds, reason for wall, etc. Free museum that is well done with both Korean and English descriptions.  A section of the wall is located near the", April 2017
12,4.0,Unique Museum about the City Wall,"It's a very unique museum about the ""Seoul City Wall"". You will understand clearly about the structure of Seoul City Wall and how to built it. Once you step out of the museum, you will have a chance to walk along the Seoul City Wall too. ", October 2016
13,4.0,Small and interesting,"Over 3 floors there is an entrance on the 3rd floor from near part of the wall (follow signs) and another door on the first floor at the building entrance. Helpful staff and a good map of the whole wall and the access points to walk it. Good information on the wall, how it is", January 2017
14,4.0,Interesting small museum ---no Charge!,"Since the title seemed interesting, I ventured to this museum and was pleasantly surprised. Apparently the museum was just renovated in November--great exhibits outlining the history of the great wall surrounding ancient Seoul. Learned a terrific amount about everything from all", December 2016
15,5.0,Really interesting museum visit!,"This museum was recently updated and I was really impressed with the informative displays! I learned a lot about Seoul and the wall. Free admission, spent about an hour enjoying the museum - was the only one there!", September 2016
16,4.0,A Unique Place,"A serendipity, I was on my last day in Seoul and walked around Dongdaemun to come across this museum. A small one but artifacts, visuals and dossiers about Seoul City Wall, fortresses and city gates now and then are thorough and abundant. Seoul City Wall Museum does locate near", December 2015
17,3.0,Small museum close to Dondaenum,"Small museum, next to part of the remaining city wall, at the metro exit #10. You have to climb up the park to rech the entrance. After an interactive movie, you can see the history of the city walls and their restoration. Takes 20 minutes to go through. ", February 2016
18,3.0,Learn the History of Seoul's City Wall and the 8 Different Gates,"Learn the History of Seoul's City Wall and the 8 Different Gates.  See how they built the walls and gates and the history behind them.  On Level 1, there will be seasonal exhibition highlighting a main theme while Level 2 & 3 are permanent exhibitions.", October 2015
