,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,3.0,Meh,It has a lot of information but it is kind of boring. The audio guides didn't work properly and there are no numbers to indicate what you are seeing. So you are stuck walking around looking at dioramas and reading texts. The kids were engaged for the first 15 minutes then lost, January 2020
1,4.0,"Good museum, wish there was more from the past 80 years",, December 2019
2,4.0,Good small museum ,I thought this was great.  It is filed with interesting and very detailed models of Seoul throughout its history.  It is also free and has great English explanations of almost every item., January 2020
3,5.0,Excellent!,, September 2019
4,5.0,A truly excellent museum,"Only had an hour and a half as we had bought tickets to a film showing across the street. This is a truly excellent museum, built intelligently with fascinating exhibits.  The time spent was not nearly enough and I intend to return with more time to spend.  I very highly recommend a visit.", October 2019
5,4.0,Fabulous Place To Visit,"I love going to museums and the admission for this one is free.  They have it organized clearly and you can learn about Korean history. They also have a small cafe that sells drinks, coffee, tea and light snacks.  There is also a nice gift shop there. However, when I went to go inside, I found it was closed. The person who runs it took a VERY long lunch break. This was very irritating to me. Twice, I had to go and ask the front desk lady where the person was because I wanted to buy some gifts.  The lady was nice and called the person and five minutes later the person came and opened up the store. Except for this, my overall experience here was great.", October 2019
6,4.0,Informative,"Very informative museum and has nice exhibitions. I recommend a visit here, it won't take too long, exhibition is quite compact.", March 2019
7,5.0,Familiarity with the history of Seoul.,"A lot of photos, documentary exhibits. A large layout of modern Seoul, you can find your home. Children really like it!", July 2019
8,5.0,Great find..,Great way to spend a couple of hours on a hot afternoon. Free as well and very easy to get to. It is a shame half of it was closed for renovation when we were there., July 2019
9,4.0,Visit when it's Lunar Celebration!,, June 2018
10,5.0,Wonderful little museum,"We stumbled across this museum and were glad we did!  It's a delightful museum that shows the pride the residents of Seoul have in their city and its history.  On one of the upper floors, there's a huge miniature layout of the city.  You can stand above it or off to the side to see how the city is laid out.  You can select neighborhoods and highlight them, but unfortunately this feature is not available in English.  I can away impressed with what the people of Seoul accomplished in rebuilding their city after the war.", April 2019
11,4.0,Worth a visit,I found this museum more interesting than the Korean War Museum or the National Museum. I particularly liked the section on the reconstruction of the city after 1953 and its development over the following frenetic decades., April 2019
12,4.0,Educational,"A great place to learn about history of Korea. The layout of museum is very well organized. However, staff need to be more conversant in English.", January 2019
13,5.0,Free and good quality museum,Good exhibits about the history of Seoul. It is free unlike museums in Europe and they dont pressure you to make a donation. Worth a visit to understand more about Seoul. Spent about 2 hours here. Well worth the time., July 2018
14,5.0,"Great Museum, Must see!","The three floors museum represent The Joseon dynasty, it is very interesting for the new visitor to Korea. The museum is free and can be combined with a visit to the Palace.", October 2018
15,5.0,Under the radar museum with plenty of surprises,, October 2018
16,5.0,My favorite museum in Seoul,"This is a fun museum and I have been here several times. For a first-time visitor, plan on at least 2-3 hours to visit. My favorite part was recent history from the 1920's to the 1990's. There is even a model of a 1980's apartment to show you how an average family lived then. The display about life for Koreans during WWII is excellent as well and explains how hard things were during the Japanese occupation. It is one of the first places you should visit in Seoul.", August 2018
17,5.0,Great little museum,"Great place to learn about Korea over the years.  Nice historical exhibits and costumes.   It was interesting to see the 60s, 70s and 80s also represented.  Takes a couple of hours to walk around.  Definitely worth a visit.", September 2017
18,4.0,A Quick Lesson Of Korean History,"It was raining hard that day, so we decided to take a museum tour and visited many museums, this was our favorite, due to limited time we only spend about 45 minutes, the collections was very well display, from yesteryear long ago and far away, next time when we come, probably stay for a good half day.", June 2018
19,5.0,A great overview of the city history.,When traveling to Seoul this is a perfect way to get a foundational overview of the cities history. You only need 90 minutes.  It's free., June 2018
20,4.0,Place to relax for citizens,, June 2018
21,5.0,Free comprehensive education on Seoul,"I wish I'd spent more time here, there was even a school group practicing for an orchestral presentation. And it was FREE! You need to take your time to take it all in. I took an Uber from the Seoul of Museum of Art to be efficient. I have a much greater appreciation for Seoul and S. Korea as a people/nation of overcomers and survivors.", June 2018
22,5.0,Good museum,It's not huge museum but it gives an interesting overview of the history of the city and has an interactive massive map of the town. It's free and has a pleasant terrace attached to the coffee shop., May 2018
23,5.0,Interesting and free ,This museum is located in a walking range from the subway.  The arrangement of the permanent exhibition is well-organized.  This allowed me to know better about Seoul in a limited time.  Friendly for non Korean speakers., April 2018
24,5.0,Learning a bit of history,, March 2018
25,5.0,Great experience,The Seoul Museum of History isa great place to find out interesting details about Seoul’s history. Well worth a visit and it's free!, March 2018
26,5.0,"Interesting museum, recommended","Another well designed Seoul museum located in the contemporary building. Well thought-out and well put together exhibition, as in many other museums in Seoul that I visited. The main message is a story of the transformation of Seoul from a small fishermen village to the one of the major world capitals. Don't miss a hall where you walk on the elevated walkway with Seoul map on the floor underneath. You can push a button for a specific city area and this area will be illuminated on the map. It helps to understand the city layout. There is a good coffee shop on the ground floor and not bad looking museum shop. You would need around 2 hours for a visit. Recommended.", November 2017
27,5.0,Hidden jewel in Seoul,, December 2017
28,4.0,Old to Modern,Here you will see how the city has evolved and know more about its history.  Well worth a visit and it's free!, November 2017
29,4.0,Charming little museum,A well laid out history of Seoul with costumes part of the exhibits.An hour would be sufficient to see what is on offer. Worth a visit. Coffee available., October 2017
30,5.0,Definitely worth visiting,"The Seoul Museum of History demonstrates the impressive development of the city, which in a relatively short time in the 20th century grew  into a sumptuous and highly livable big city.  The museum is a great place to find out interesting details about Seoul’s history and is definitely worth visiting.", September 2017
31,3.0,"Interesting, but not high on the priority list...",Seoul Museum of History is worth a short visit particularly on a rainy afternoon. The two particularly worthwhile viewing are the old photos of Seoul and the large room with the Seoul map illuminating specific areas like temples etc. The rest was a little under-stimulating., October 2016
32,4.0,Have a look inside,"It has few exhibitions, even modern, you should see it when you have time, admission is free, in my opinion 1h is enough.", June 2017
33,5.0,Some nice surprises here.,It is free so not much risk taken by entering.  And inside is some interesting stuff.  The architecture of the entrance hall applied to me and the exhibitions are somewhat unlike in other museums I have visitied., July 2017
34,5.0,"Love, Love, Love it.","We spent a really long time here. The exhibits were great it was a wonderful way to learn about the history of Seoul and Korea. Most of the labels are in English, Korean, Japanese and I think Mandarin. The pictures of Seoul past and present are really wonderful, same goes for the exhibit on all the different streets. The whole museum is excellent and very well done.  We also purchased a great Korean cookbook from their shop. I highly reccommend this museum.", September 2016
35,5.0,Great museum to learn about the city's history,We visited with a friend on a Sunday morning. The entrance is free. It's a great way to discover Seoul over the centuries and get a grasps of the hardship the people have suffered ., June 2017
36,4.0,History,Nice museum very close to Gwanghamun St. Museum shop is good for souvenirs. Best part of it is the City at the 3F. I found it amazing. Walking over a small scale of the whole city, June 2017
37,4.0,Very informative,, October 2016
38,3.0,Extremely Informative but the Facility itself is Outdated,, February 2017
39,5.0,Hints on this place,, March 2017
40,5.0,Helps make sense of the city,"A free entry, low key museum that tells you a lot about the city. Pretty much empty when we were there. Has a wonderful scale model of the modern city ... with an armoured glass cover so that you can walk over it. Fun!", February 2017
41,3.0,Good museum free admission,"Museum with informative display and description. Me and friend spent a few hours there, recommended.", February 2017
42,4.0,So much information!,"Really nice place, admission is free, audio guide is free (you gotta bring an id for it), even water is free. It has 4 permanent exhibitions in which you get to see the evolution of corea, so if you like to read about history this is just the right place for you, I don't specially liked the audio guide since most of the times just adviced me to read the information on the walls -.-! Anyways the city model of Seoul at the end is just amazing!", January 2017
43,3.0,Interesting place to visit,"One of the interesting exhibitions is to view Seoul city model from the transparent glass walkway. There is an animated introduction on Seoul's history too which is also fun to watch. Artifacts from Unhyeon Palace are being shown here as well. This is not a big museum but still an amazing place to visit. Moreover, it offers free entry to all visitors.", December 2016
44,3.0,Confusing but full of good info on Seoul,I found this museum to be very confusing physically. It is a big place but difficult to figure out which way to go and how the rooms connected chronologically. Also it was overrun with students the day I visited which made it super crowded.  However it is free--and the various exhibits are very informative on the history of Korea and Seoul. Everything is in English also!!  The highlight is the huge model of the City of Seoul--that is a must see.  Gives you a great idea of how big Seoul is and how it is laid out.  Before I visited here I would recommend the Palace Museum at Gyeonbokgung Palace and the Cheonggyecheon Museum. They were both better arranged and had just as much information.   But if time permits--this is worthwhile., December 2016
45,4.0,Worth Going,, November 2016
46,5.0,The most Interesting Museum,I really enjoyed this museum. A gentleman volunteer was my guide and I was able to learn a lot.  I highly recommend! There is a small scale map of Seoul that was so impressive. I really loved it here, November 2016
47,5.0,Get to know Korea,We spent 5 hours going thru the exhibits.  The museum has 3 floors of extensive information.  The restaurant in the museum has a great selection of food plates which were affordable., October 2016
48,5.0,Very Informative!,, October 2016
49,4.0,"Not as grand as the Korean National History Museum, but still very interesting.","In addition to a very interesting collection of artifacts, ancient and modern, regarding the city of Seoul, the grounds are also make for a pleasant stroll when the weather is good.", October 2016
50,5.0,Beautiful  Dispays,Incredible miniatures of old and early times of Korea . They also give you an understanding history. Not enough English so a guide is better, September 2016
51,5.0,A good museum with an excellent gift shop,It's a very good museum that often has different events. You can also find some nice souvenirs to buy in the gift shop., November 2015
52,4.0,Kills an hour or so,"Stopped here to get out of the heat in August, It is like a fast tracked version of the history of seoul, starts in the dynasty days through to the modern era. Worth a visit and it's free. One thing here I liked was the scaled model of seoul, if you want to get your bearings on where everything is in the city and have a map on you, you can stand over the top of a model about the size of 3/4 of a tennis court and work out where everything is. Gives you a quick guide to seoul's history.", August 2016
53,5.0,One of the best free attractions in Seoul,, August 2016
54,5.0,Very informative about Seoul!,There is a permanent exhibit about Seoul here. There are lots to learn about and lots of fun things to do so you can bring children here. Its free for everyone to get in. Kyunghee palace is right beside the museum., August 2016
55,5.0,Worth a visit,"Really interesting story of Seoul history with great photos. Good timeline of events, learned a lot about this fascinating city. Nice shop and fantastic kitch 70s building.", August 2016
56,5.0,A Story of Adaptation,"I chose to review this museum because of the emphasis placed on details and the creative methods used to evoke sensations that make you feel like you are travelling in time. The museum covers Korean history from the middle of the 19th century until the end of the 20th century. There are five exhibits that progressively take you from one era to the next, and over the course of two weeks and four visits, I carefully went through every exhibit and read every placard. The story conveyed is one of adaptation. It isn't the typical representation of national greatness that history museums tend to portray. In fact, it is quite honest, and almost unbiased. The Koreans have had to adapt to great powers and influences that have imposed their imperial policies and culture on them. The exhibits shows how they adapted to European colonial and missionary pressure, Japanese imperialism and WWII, communism and America's proxy war with Russia and China, and the modernization accelerated by globalization. This is one of the most detailed and honest museums I have experienced. It is more than just a casual walk through. I brought with me a good understanding of how Koreans might identify themselves, where they find pride and where they find humility. I highly recommend this museum.", June 2016
57,5.0,Nice muse,"This is the first stop the Seoul guide took us.  First room we stepped on was a model map of Seoul under the glass that we walked on.  It was cool!  Dark with lights like night view.  We learned a lot from him and this place.  The Museum presents the story of Seoul from the prehistoric era to modern time. The main exhibit halls are on the 3rd floor which is divided into 4 sections; Seoul, the Capital of Joseon, People's Life in Seoul, Culture of Seoul, and Development of the Seoul City.  It also has a nice garden.", June 2016
58,5.0,Great Museum & Gardens,The highlight was the model of Seoul under glass/perspex that you could walk over - wonderful idea.  History and development of Seoul most interesting., June 2016
59,5.0,Outstanding Museum!,, September 2015
60,4.0,The Seoul Museum of History,, October 2015
61,4.0,A fascinating place,This is a beautiful building and the history of Seoul is well displayed.  Clearly they have little love of the Japanese who treated the country cruelly in times past.  There is a spectacular relief map of Seoul that is about the size of a tennis court and one can stand on glass flooring and select items on interest and the spotlight focusses on the model of that item.  Wonderfully done, June 2016
62,5.0,Great place to visit for Japanese WWII time period and Korean War,I was specifically interested in learning more about life for Koreans during the Japanese colonization and the Korean war to present. Their are multiple floors which separate ancient Korean history all the way to modern Korea today. I only went from 1940 - present and it was well done. There are areas where I think English translation was missing and would have been helpfull although most areas do include English. The audio tour is unnecessary. Best of all the museum is FREE. Great experience and I highly recommend., June 2016
63,5.0,A lot to See,Very clean and well maintained museum.  A lot of great displays and artifacts.  A quite enjoyable experience to learn more about Seoul and it is free., May 2016
64,4.0,"Well-done, interesting",, May 2016
65,4.0,Just right,, March 2016
66,4.0,A brief but interesting history of Seoul,, March 2016
67,3.0,Somewhat dark and noisy inside,"I enjoyed the speical exhibition in Feb, 2016.  It was about the royal court.  The screens were fantastic and the effects were good.  However, it was somewhat dark in the main building itself, the entral hall was empty, and the souverior shop was closed for lunch, I suppose, and I felt it uninviting. The level of noise from young students was somewhat annoying.  It is unfortunate as it accupies such a great centre location of Seoul with a great history and activities. I felt that it was a waste of valuable resources.", February 2016
68,3.0,Just ok ,"It's close to Gwanghamun and free to enter.  They right now have a lego, danish exhibition and that's cool. A good place that you if interested should check out but it's not a must", February 2016
69,5.0,Worth the visit,, February 2016
70,4.0,free admission,"it was raining really hard when we visited this museum... and fortunately it was a blessing. i had fun knowing the history of korea for free. yes, this museum is free for all.", February 2016
71,4.0,Filled with students but they’re working in their books so it’s ok,"I was first worried about the amount of children because as you first walk in the main entrance, there’s a Lego workshop and exhibition filled with students making projects.  Then in the Hans Christian Anderson section there were kids running around bumping into me but they were small children let loose by their parents. . There were many more children but they were well behaved by their teachers and many were sitting down writing down notes in groups. The museum won’t take you long to observe and if you are quick can be finished in about 30 minutes. If you read each exhibit especially the exhibit of the Korean cultural periods, it will take you about 2 hours. I especially liked the huge city landscape under the glass floor. There is a relatively inexpensive snack area and the restrooms have bidets (Japanese style restrooms, wow) The price of admission is free so if you’re near the downtown area, I’d advise you to come down and check this place out.", February 2016
72,3.0,Good to spend a few hours at this museum and the admission is for free,"When I was there, there was a Lego cross over Anderson exhibition at the Seoul Museum of History.  It also holds exhibits about Seoul history and daily lives of locals.", January 2016
73,4.0,Knowledge Gaining Place,, March 2015
74,4.0,"A short visit, but probably the best museum to comprehend the history of Korea","There are an awful lot of good historical museums in Korea, but each seems to be focused on one aspect and doesn’t give the full picture of the country. The National Museum of Korea is centered on ancient history which might not resonate to foreign visitors. The War Memorial of Korea is a superb museum as well, but it distorts the fact that since the Unified Shilla dynasty (which started around 650), Korea has actually been a fairly peaceful country. The National Museum of Korean Contemporary History pretty much only deals with the 20th century, and can be – if ever so slightly – overly nationalistic. The National Folk Museum of Korea is more of a collection of artifacts from the old days rather than a true testament to Korean history. The Seoul Museum of History, on the other hand, despite being small (it doesn’t take more than 2 hours to visit), does a great job at showing the history of Korea since the 14th century, through the eyes of the city’s evolution. It perfectly depicts the evolution of Seoul and Korea has well, without glossing over the harder times of the city’s history. The museum also has an interactive model of the city that is something like 15*20 meters and allows you to see individual buildings, while highlighting specific areas thanks to a nice user-interface. This place alone makes the museum worth the trip, and is very kids-friendly. The only drawbacks about this museum is that it doesn’t have the scale of some of the city’s larger museums, and the building itself is not the most aesthetically pleasing, especially considering that the museum only opened in 2002.", January 2016
75,5.0,deap,the history of SK is so strange and full of holes. I see that the system has the most effect on society, April 2015
76,4.0,It's free,"It's right next to the train station (when you exit and before you reach the palace's gates) but it usually gets overlooked. There's not a lot of things inside but good for a 25 mins walk. Plus, they had stamps that you can stamp on paper for free as souvenir.", November 2015
77,5.0,Great to go later in the day,Museum open till 8. We arrived about 6 and had the place almost to ourselves. Free entry but would have been happy to pay. Quality exhibits. Took out odder who had a good time. Plenty to keep him interested too., December 2015
78,4.0,A Lovely Primer to Seoul,"While the museum is relatively small, there are a lot of interesting artifacts, dioramas, and good signage (in English, too) that show how Seoul evolved from a kingdom to a pop cultural and technological juggernaut (mostly in the past two decades). There's a free, fun photo booth that puts you in historic settings, as well as proximity to one of the city's lesser known and ornate, but hugely interesting palaces nearby. It's a good first stop as well as a fun place to take the kids or take shelter from rain or snow...and you can't beat the admission price!", November 2015
79,3.0,nice,"nice to take picture and learn seoul history, cold whether, peaceful and  a giant interactive city model is one of many highlights. Definitely worth stopping by for an hour or two.", November 2015
80,4.0,Must Visit,"Admission for free. A place where you must visit to know more about Seoul. Take Metro line no.5 and use the exit 5 at Gwanghwamun station, then walk around 300m. Great description for the history of the formation of Seoul city.", November 2015
81,4.0,good place to visit first if you're in Seoul for a few weeks or more,, July 2015
82,4.0,"Not much history, but great information",I guess the national museum called dibs on all the interesting artefacts. There is not much history in this history museum but the displays are well worth a visit. Seoul and South Korea have both undergone dramatic changes in the past century and this museum is terrific for an introduction in to the recent history of Korea. A giant interactive city model is one of many highlights. Definitely worth stopping by for an hour or two., January 2015
83,5.0,"Must see, without doubt","Breathtaking huge interactive model of the city; amazing collection of artifacts and photos, well displayed and explained in English; and most striking exhibit of the evolution of the 20th-century megalopolis that leaves no doubt whatsoever about how and why Koreans love the Japanese so much!", August 2015
84,4.0,a good history lession for those who are interested.,"The museum is free but it contains a lot of galleries.  It has an replica of a typical run-down restaurant and a model of present-day Seoul.  It had extensive showcase of Seoul's history including a replica of a typical apartment home, complete with furnishing.  It's a great way to spend a couple hours.  We went in September and it was rather hot in the building.", September 2015
85,2.0,More of interpretive centre,"Not really a museum, more of an interpretive centre on the history of Seoul. There are few artefacts, but rather displays. Seems to be used as daycare centre for kids. Ok for a short visit or if you have kids. Nice cafeteria.", September 2015
86,5.0,interesting.,, August 2015
87,5.0,Wonderful nightview model of Seoul,"This is one of the less-visited large museums in the city.  The highlight for me is the wonderful, huge, topographical nightview model of Seoul that has glass-bottom footbridges over it.  While you walk across, the city lights come on in the areas you pass over.  There's also a museum employee on hand to help you identify different areas of the city.  Really impressive.", June 2015
88,5.0,Really interesting museum telling the story of Seoul,, July 2015
89,5.0,Puts history in perspective,The Seoul Museum of History is a wonderful museum which puts all of the history you learn about at other places in Seoul into perspective. The section about life in Seoul under the Joseon dynasty features impressive models and information about how the government worked and where certain social groups and business and leisure activities happened. The sections about life under Japanese occupation and the development of the city since the end of the Korean War were very interesting and show just how remarkable a place this city is. The best part of the museum is saved for last - a massive scale model of Seoul!, July 2015
90,5.0,I wanted to see everything.,"I found this museum far more interesting than the National Museum. There is a large collection of artefacts here spreading over hundreds of years. The lady in the streetcar out the front was really friendly, chatting to me in English and Korean. The temporary exhibit was really interesting, and displayed in a very artistic way. I particularly enjoyed watching the development of the city over the last 200 years. They had a really nice courtyard, which on a sunny day would have been beautiful to enjoy while eating something from the cafe. Oh yeah, and it was free!", July 2015
91,4.0,Much cooler than expected,"This museum wasn't on my list of attractions that I wanted to visit, but when it started raining during our tour our private guide suggested we stop by this museum and I'm very glad we did.  We all enjoyed seeing the large model of historic Seoul and the really huge model of modern Seoul (it fills up an entire large room) is really fun and helps give you a better feeling for the layout of this large city that is surrounded my mountains.", June 2015
92,4.0,Seoul Museum of History,"This is a very nice museum for the culture and history of the city of Seoul, not of Korea as a country. For that you have to go to the National Museum by Ichon Station. This museum is next to gyeonghuigung palace and a short walk to the gwanghwamun area. The artifact inside the museum are interesting (especially if you haven't been to the national museum). There also many interesting statues in the surrounding gardens in the back of the museum.", August 2014
93,4.0,Small Seoul in the past,Enjoyed the way the culture and history was captured specifically for Seoul from the onset. The address posted is to Seoul Station which is south of the Museum., July 2014
94,4.0,Great historical background for understanding your visit to Seoul,"While the ancient history exhibits on the first floor are pleasantly interesting, the Seoul Museum of History has a terrific section upstairs on recent history that puts the development of the modern city into clear context.  Like most Americans, I learned very little about Korea in school and knew very little about the city when I arrived for a two week stay.  The exhibit powerfully illustrates the vast poverty and hardship of post-Korean War and then the decades of redevelopment of the city, the economy, and society.  Modern Seoul is such as cosmopolitan and handsome city so it was shocking to see the pictures of shacks and peasants along the Han River.  Allow sufficient time to wander through the exhibits and read all the captions.  There is also a huge-scale model of the modern city covered in glass that you can walk on and explore the city from an interesting view.  The ground floor café and the gift shop are very nice.   The museum is worth a short stroll off the main street.", April 2015
95,3.0,Nice building,"The museum is interesting though probably not for everyone. The grounds around it are marvellous and people use it to get out of their units , for walks and exercise so its very nice and useful and a pleasant outing. but...... a bit bland", May 2015
96,5.0,Well presented story of Seoul and Korea,"On the ground floor is a beautifully laid out display of 50 top artefacts which tell the story of the city from early times up until yesterday.  The layout of the other floors is a bit confusing, but worth wandering around as you can really get a feel for the growth of this amazing city, told through photos, videos, models and artefacts.", June 2015
97,4.0,Very fulfilling,This museum will take at least 4 hours of your time. They have so many wonderful exhibits that are so well displayed. After  you visit this museum you will have a very clear understanding of Korean history.  This is a must visit to anyone visiting this beautiful city., September 2014
98,4.0,Heavy on the two Japanese occupations of Korea,"Having a guide really enhanced the visit; otherwise, I would have missed a lot.  Particularly note the traditionally painted and restored and remains of one of the former palaces outside the entrance.", June 2015
99,5.0,Fascinating ,A well thought out museum and I learnt a lot from it. I think it is a good place to get a background of South Korea and I would recommend a visit., November 2014
100,5.0,Impressive,"The whole place is huge, you can easily spend half a day going through. We only stayed 2 hours as we were hungry, but everything we saw was pretty amazing. Our faves were the Neolithic era relics, including the pretty well-preserved skeleton from that age.", April 2015
101,4.0,A good museum,"Korea has a great wealth of history.  This is a great way to learn more about  Korea!!  It is a good museum with lots of different exhibits!!  However, it is a history museum...so if that isn't your thing...skip it!", July 2014
102,5.0,"Must see, many very nice stuff","I loved this place, together with everything else, it has a couple of very nice things, one of them was you could have you picture taken in different Korean outfits, this was a digital gadget that was really funny and then there was the model that shows all of Seoul build inside the museum, also window glas in different colors. Try to see this place.", March 2015
103,5.0,Excellent Addition,"Seoul needed a Korean history museum, and this is an excellent addition to an excellent selection of museums.  Good location too, and not too big.  Definitely worth a visit when you are visiting Kyongbok Palace.", March 2015
104,4.0,Not a bad museum,"Its a pretty unique museum, has the entire model buildings of the city of Seoul, the world's second largest metropolitan city in the world! So it was pretty cool. It had a lot of hands on stuff for the kids upstairs, and a nice outdoor park too. But the real beauty of this place is the fact that it is FREEE!!!! Free admission. Only the restaurant there kinda stinks, but its best to go for the museum experience, and witness what this city has been through in history.", April 2014
105,4.0,A must,A fabulous museum. Great collections. Everything is translated in english so you get to understand the facts., October 2014
106,4.0,Good Seoul Museum,"This is a nice museum that provides good history of Korea with emphasis on Seoul. It has a very large model of modern Seoul that was neat.  We spent some time just looking at this model.  We had our four. Holden which is a challenge at times in a museum.  This is a good museum and shows the history of Seoul and the ""Miracle on the Han"".  Behind the museum is a nice smaller palace that you can see as well.  It was free except for the parking fee, which we had as we drove.", December 2014
107,4.0,Good intro to Korean history,We enjoyed our two hours in this museum. There are interactive stations for the children to try out. The 3D map of Seoul on the 3rd floor is amazing. I just wish there was more information in English and not just Korean. WOuld recommend this on a rainy day and with children., November 2014
108,5.0,A nice museum if you like History,, October 2014
109,5.0,Museum that will allow you to understand Seoul history,, September 2014
110,5.0,Easy Intro about Seoul,"Out to give you a short , concise information about the colorful history of Seoul, Throw in a visit to Gyeonghiguing Palace, at the back,  and your day will be complete.", September 2014
111,4.0,A Quick Visit of the History of Seoul.,"This free museum highlights Seoul and its evolution over the years.  As you walk through it is interesting to see how much the city has changed and grown in about 100 years. Even the photos from the past couple of decades are interesting.  I'd say about 95% of the exhibits have English but there are some that only have Korean which makes me wonder if it is kind of masking things that they might not want known to many others countries' visitors, for example, the ""food shortage"" section was only in Korean but almost everything else had English translations.  There's one room where you see an aerial view of present day Seoul and can even try to find where you're staying.  About an hour is good enough time to spend at this museum.", September 2014
112,4.0,A Nice Introduction to Korean History,A good way to spend 1-2 hours getting some background on Korean History with an emphasis on Seoul. Lots of hands-on experiences for kids. Easy to find. Free admission. A Nice gift shop., July 2014
113,5.0,Another excellent museum,"This museum is a 10 minute walk from the Museum of Contemporary History, located in a lovely parkland in the midst of busy Seoul.  Take a walk around the building and enjoy the neighboring palace, too!  The permanent and temporary exhibits share the history and development of this very modern city.  I always find it inconceivable when I see the pre-War photos and see what is in Seoul now.  The coffee shop is a nice retreat.", June 2014
114,5.0,More than meets the eye,, May 2014
115,4.0,Interesting model of the city in this city museum,"This museum is in the heart of Seoul access by the Gwanghwamun subway station and directly opposite a huge 10 storey statue of a hammering man.  The museum is not large.  The miniature scale model of the entire city on the 2nd floor is a very interesting visit.  The guide there was very helpful and highlighted areas of the city and gave an overview of the span of this sprawling city.  Other than this display, the rest is a rather standard display of the history of the development and growth of the city.  The old photographs traced the interesting entry of foreign influence into Seoul. Good restful stop in the city.", February 2014
116,4.0,"Quick, easy & informative + child friendly","Small museum that describes the history and urbanization of the city of Seoul. The astounding pace at which this city has grown and modernized really sinks in here. Some (limited) fragments of Korea's broader history, especially last 150 years also on display. Many pictures, displays, a 1000 sqft model of city will keep children interested too. Interesting, free, quick to visit, very central, air conditioned/heated. Can't really ask for more.", July 2013
117,3.0,History of Seoul,"I thought this would be more about the history of Korea but the history of Seoul is interesting as it has been a main city for a long time. The museum starts in the 1200s and goes up to 2002 when Korea hosted the Olympics, so it does cover a lot of time. There is also a mini city inside which is quite impressive, but not as impressive as others that I've seen (i.e. Shanghai)", December 2012
118,4.0,Seoul history museum,, November 2012
119,3.0,Not Bad,"This museum is not too bad.  If your are on a short stay this is not a must see, but if you are here for a longer stay or even living here you may find some of the exhibits quite interesting.", June 2012
120,5.0,The Seoulo Museum of History.,, June 2011
121,4.0,pretty good to now Seoul history,"in order to fee the recent Seoul, such as 1970's Myeongdong, late authors anogny, it was quite OK. Museum itself, is small place but behind the museum, there is a palace whic were simbolic of Korean history. it is under the renovation but still you can look around partially. that combination is good to go.", March 2012
122,4.0,Awesome 3D city model!,"This museum with a free entrance is definitely worth a visit if only for the 3D model of Seoul - located on the 2nd floor, it's an amazing work of art, showing you literally every building of the city. This huge model, partly under a glass floor visitors walk on, can also show you some specific areas of the city, using different colours of lighting. The language of the interactive part is Korean only though. The other exhibitions of the museum are also interesting, especially one about the urban development of Seoul. Most of the descriptions are both in Korean and English.", December 2011
