,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,What a beautiful place,It is a cemetery indeed but it is so well done that it shows a tremendous amount of respect to the diseased. Beautiful autumn trees and very calm and relaxing atmosphere. I would def recommend to visit and pay respect. , November 2019
1,5.0,What a beautiful resting place,"I visited on Saturday and was happily surprised how beautiful, serene and immaculately clean is the cemetery. The graves arranged symmetrically, are well kept. I went to see the blossoms at the cemetery as I found out it is a popular place to see the blossoms. The cemetery", April 2019
2,5.0,Room for Reflection,Huge cemetery and war memorial in a busy part of Seoul buffered by woodland on most sides that allow for a beautiful and sobering walk. War relics and interpretative materials are available in buildings scattered about the acreage while there are many small monuments and notable, March 2018
3,4.0,The national cemetery in Seoul,"National cemetery you can enjoy walking with your friends!! Its huge, taking a few hours to look around!!! Former presidents, military soldiers, police and others who devoted their lives to the country!!!", November 2017
4,4.0,"Immaculately maintained, gorgeous landscaped cemetery and park area",I recently visited the Seoul National Cemetery with friends during the peak cherry blossom bloom time in the city. We found it by searching for the best places to see cherry blossoms in Seoul and it didn't disappoint! The blooms were absolutely stunning in/around the cemetery., April 2017
5,4.0,Very calm and impressive,A very calm and impressive area. It is a huge cemetery that spreads out basically still in the middle of Seoul.  It reminds one of the sacrifices that are necessary for a nation and its people to be free.  I really liked the fact that not just soldiers but also patriots as well, September 2016
6,4.0,Cemetery and Park combined,"It is the National Cemetery, a huge plot of land in the middle of the city, very well kept.  An impressive memorial to unknown & missing soldiers, along with Arlington Cemetery-like graves.  But this cemetery also includes a museum, photo exhibits, snack bar, convenience store,", April 2016
7,4.0,Underrated and Calming,I have lived in Korea for 12 years (almost 11 in Seoul) but had never been here before. Koreans don't consider cemeteries as a place to sightsee and I've never suggested to my non-Korean friends to check this place out.   I had some free time yesterday and wanted to go to a new, February 2016
8,4.0,Hauntingly serene and beautiful,The National Cemetery has a hauntingly beautiful air to it that instantly makes you feel more humbled and calm.  A great place for a stroll especially during spring and autumn when the park foliage have much more color to them., September 2015
9,4.0,"Humbling, Eery, Beautiful","Seoul National Cemetery is one of the biggest cemeteries I've had the opportunity to visit, and despite having been built a long time ago, it feels brand new, with great cleaning/gardening work done year round. The amount of tombs and graveyard is absolutely insane, and is a", September 2015
10,4.0,A must-visit in Seoul,"We visited here totally on a whim en route to Bongeunsa, and it was an unexpectedly fascinating and sobering experience. The divisive effects of the Korean War can be felt everywhere in Seoul, and nowhere more keenly than here. The graves stretch forever up onto the hillside.", July 2015
11,4.0,Eerily quiet but strangely beautiful.,"I was here all alone, and the place is eerily quiet but at the same time eerily beautiful.  Tens of thousands of graves line orderly next to each other as far as your eye can see. Really makes you stand there reflecting and thinking about the sacrifices some of the people who", September 2014
12,4.0,Salute Korea's Patriots and Soldiers,"A perfect memorial park with thousands of graves very well preserved since long years-for soldiers, patriots, great politicians, Presidents and their Wives- perfect floral tributes in well shrined buildings as well as open-Great Statues at Entrance to grounds and main building-", April 2015
13,5.0,Another must visit in Seoul,"if you are interested in Korean history this is a worthwhile place to visit.  There are English pamphlets in the ""letter boxes"" that you can take which outlines the history of the cemetery and people buried there. Easy to get to as it right by the subway exit 6 on the number 9", December 2014
14,5.0,beautiful,Seouls national cemetery is very highly respected place with lots of proud locals and families who help clean the gravestones. The place is lovely to go and visit especially if you have a historical connection, July 2014
15,3.0,Not much to see.,There isn't very much to see there but the travel of the country is quite easy to be In different regions., August 2013
16,4.0,Feel the spirit of the Korean Nation,"According to the Asian culture, the choice of the location of the final resting place for the deceased is of great importance to ensure prosperity, happiness and success for later generations.  If you wish to have a hands-on feeling of the national spirit of South Korea, to know", June 2012
