,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,2.0,Definitely - I Just Don't Understand Modern Art.,"This place honestly is beautiful and spacious. Lodged in a hill after a bit of a walk in the park paths and after the Seolleung & Jeongneung Royal Tombs. In the same area literally.  The building is kinda like the end of the visit, when you go to the Seolleung & Jeongneung Royal", January 2020
1,1.0,Please close it down ,Awful place. Art?? Really?? It is worth less than a Daiso..please avoid it! Staff is very unpolite and complacent, December 2019
2,1.0,Awful,, November 2019
3,4.0,Nice Space. Comfortable Walk.,, October 2019
4,5.0,Great place for global art,"This isn't a museum for overseas travelers visiting Korea for the first time--that would be the National Museum of Korea. But for people living in Korea, this is a great place to keep on your radar. The first time I was here, I saw an interesting exhibit about modern architecture in Seoul (in the free galleries). Nothing I would go out of my way for, but a nice part of an afternoon in one of Seoul's most attractive neighborhoods. My second visit was this past weekend, when I went to the David Hockney exhibition, which was SPECTACULAR. I love living in Korea, but I do miss being able to go to art museums and see Western art. When there's a show like this, I'm thrilled! The SMA scored Hockney's first major exhibition in Asia, and they brought in some great paintings from all over the world. the curation was solid and there were good English translations of the explanatory material throughout the galleries. It was totally worth the special exhibit fee of 15,000 (roughly $14 US). The galleries were busy so I think Koreans are hungry for more chances to see foreign art. I really hope SMA will be able to get more of these special exhibitions. Everyone go see the Hockney stuff before the show closes Aug. 4!", June 2019
5,3.0,"Visit, if you just gotta get culture","Very disappointed in the Seoul Museum of Art -- but perhaps that was because so much of the space was usurped by a David Hockney exhibit. From the limited permanent exhibits we saw, this would not be on the ""must visit"" list for Seoul.", June 2019
6,4.0,Well-managed cultural space in center of Seoul,, May 2019
7,5.0,For exhibition on David Hockney,"Although I have been to Seoul a few times, and had passed by this museum before, this is my first time visiting it, for an exhibition on David Hockney's works (from Tate's Collection), said to be the only major exhibition on Hockney in Asia. The museum is worth a visit if there are exhibitions which interest you.", April 2019
8,3.0,Local,Artists are showcase here. Would do with some international exhibit to extend the range. A good way to spend a hot afternoon., June 2018
9,3.0,Surprisingly light,, April 2018
10,4.0,If you like Art then you love this place,, February 2018
11,5.0,Free exhibits ,"The best part of this art museum is the free entrance part. Myself in particular loved the display of art work presenting the korea peninsula reunification. Upon entering the museum you will see an art work with glass bottles filled with water along with a train track shaping into the korea peninsula. There are spoons tied to each side of the train, and whenever it passes by the bottle it made sounds to a lullaby, and that's the song on reunification. One very meaningful display.", March 2018
12,3.0,Excellent.,"I disagree with the last reviewer but not entirely. I thought that the reunification  exhibit lacked unity, sometimes lacked interpretability (in ODD abstract pieces paired with an OCCASIONAL lack of universal English descriptions, though ...there were for the most part). YET, I feel that the point of the (promoting) exhibition is for locals and that if it’s only purpose it to stimulate intrigue toward that agenda or some (active) empathy towards the suffering throngs in North Korea then I’m all for it. For me (anti-fascist plus overly) abstract installations that seemed tangential didn’t detract too much from it. Having said this as a way to show I was incline toward interest in the exhibits, I’d agree that some of the exhibits are more well crafted or ingenious than others. I like the sand painting video because o felt like the motion and temporality showed how history is shifting and therefore gave hope. And also the one pictured here suggesting the (visualized) possibility of the admittedly challenging reuni process by reference to/from Germany and pivot-compression muscle exercisers. Not a perfectly effective visual representation, but quirky/moving, like  a fair few other exhibits (Southern propaganda techniques, fish species variety in the river of the demilitarized zone, the train glass-bottle reuni song, photos of sports or other cooperation programs and the heart wrenching ones of divided North-South close families’ single instance and temporary reunions).", January 2018
13,2.0,Not very interesting compared to galleries in other cities,"Not very interesting compared to other galleries. A couple of interesting pieces on unification, but only a couple. A lack of signage in English and Chinese. Maybe better for a Korean speaker.", January 2018
14,4.0,Good Exhibition Plan,It located very near at City Hall station. Sometimes they held blockbuster exhibition. Great to go to with kids., December 2017
15,3.0,Free ,Can't be too critical because it's free. Had a cool exhibition from the British Council. Not far from the city hall area. Can be found easy enough from signposts. Check it out, October 2017
16,5.0,Beautiful exhibits,, August 2017
17,5.0,wonderful museum,, July 2017
18,5.0,A good selection of Korean contemporary art,The curation of the typography exhibition was second to none. An excellent and educational arrangement., April 2017
19,5.0,Wonderful building,Innovative use of space. Interesting exhibitions. Free entry and certainly worth spending an hour or so., May 2017
20,4.0,Nice gallery,Nice statues in the grounds leading to the main building. 3 interesting exhibition s on when i went plus good little cafe and shop., April 2017
21,3.0,Free admission,, October 2016
22,4.0,Hints on this place,, March 2017
23,5.0,One of the pleasant spots of Seoul,"My to go place in Seoul and one of the best spots to see art in the city. The curatorial work is more than satisfactory, the staff is helpful and welcoming, informative due to brochures and signs in more than two languages and has a quite pleasant cafe with some souvenirs to offer. I spent hours looking at art and reading books here. Most of the exhibitions are free, love the noncommercial mood of it. The building reminds me of European values, the park and the surroundings are also beautiful and interesting.", January 2017
24,3.0,Small Could have been better,"Sorry but the art on display at the moment just doesn't do it for me. Ultra modern, so sometimes really pushing the boundary to the totally ridiculous. A couple of pieces were interesting but not enough to make it for me. Luckily is was free. What I really liked was the deflated people sculptures that are on the road at the entrance to the museum. Loved them.", February 2017
25,5.0,Nice place to go for art,"Took a bit of a walk to get here, but get down at City Hall station to get here. Was able to view the Renoir and Korean Art in the Nineties exhibits, and I was pleasantly surprised. The Renoir exhibit cost ₩13000, and you can rent out an English audio guide for around ₩5000 or so (forgot the exact price). The Korean Art in the Nineties exhibit was free. Really cool place to just view and experience art!", January 2017
26,4.0,Nice museum with beautiful facade near Deoksugung (Palace),It's a very nice museum that is located near Deoksugung and aslo Jeongdong Theatre. A lot of interesting arts are waiting for us too see with FREE of charge. The facade of the building was preserved from the original one. Don't miss if you come around this area., October 2016
27,4.0,Interesting and Casual,"I thought this was an interesting museum, albeit relatively small.  Some of the exhibits were very unusual, but some were very interesting.  It took less than 1 hour to see everything.", September 2016
28,3.0,Very Below-Average Art Museum,"Seoul is such an advanced, urban city - I was expecting its art museum to be first-class. It is not a great museum, by any stretch. This is the type of museum you might find in a medium-smallish city anywhere - a museum that has no funding and is very modest in size and exhibit quality. Thank goodness it was free! If I would have been charged admission I would have been upset! It is rather small, so you can cover the whole museum in an hour. It is in a lovely neighborhood, however - I enjoyed the walk to and from the museum more than the museum itself.", July 2016
29,2.0,Shocking disappointment,, May 2016
30,5.0,Amazing modern museum,"I attended Seoul museum of art the day with free admission (some annual cultural event). There were about 5 exhibitions, one of them dedicated to Pixar movies. In other ones I found some beautiful Sindy Shermann, Warholl, Jeff Kunts and lots of talented young artists. The highest level of curating exhibitions here.", May 2016
31,4.0,Peace Minus One,, August 2015
32,3.0,Good to spend an hour or two and the admission is for free,Went to this museum because it is for free and it houses mostly contemporary art work. Good to spend a few hours at the museum and the neigbouring areas., January 2016
33,5.0,Two great temporary exhibits yesterday,"Picasso to Francis Bacon and National Geographic Cover Photos were both well worth the trip!  If this is indicative of the usual quality of exhibits, visit and visit often!", February 2016
34,5.0,Kubrick,"I cam to the museum for the Stanley Kubrick exhibition, which was excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would highly recommend to any fans, and even people who haven't previously encountered his work.", December 2015
35,4.0,Museum with nice exhibitions,"Have been here twice in the past two years, the shows were kinda amazing, especially the Biennale show in 2014.", January 2015
36,3.0,Depends on the exhibitions,, November 2015
37,5.0,Wonderful museum!,"Visiting this museum was one of the highlights of our time in Seoul. When we visited, the Seoul Museum of Art had some incredible exhibitions on feminism in Asia, digital & pixel art, and some interesting interactive exhibits where you could move the artwork. We went right as it opened so it was tranquil and relaxing. Because it’s free you will definitely get several school groups that will come here during the week, but the place is large enough to find quiet places. Would recommend it to any art lover visiting Seoul.", October 2015
38,4.0,Free exhibition,"I went there when they have ""70th Anniversary of Liberation, North Korea Project"" Exhibition. It's free! (Not all exhibitions are free, make sure you check your exhibition first). The staffs are very nice. I try a new oculus, where I can see the DMZ in 3D format! It's very fascinating!", September 2015
39,3.0,"Free, a couple of nice displays",We enjoyed the museum on a rainy day. Two displays by famous female Korean artists were enjoyable to look at. Lockers and a snack shop make this a nice indoor alternative when the weather is bad., May 2015
40,4.0,experimental exhibition.,"I like cafeteria, inside this museum. very clear traffic line abut exhibition. good people.", May 2014
41,4.0,Wonderful Art Museum with an Edge,"This museum was not too big, but the exhibition (both permanent and special) were exquisite. I especially loved the contemporary African art, very interesting and impressive -- just fantastic! And this museum is free, to boot!!!", February 2015
42,4.0,Enjoyed it,"Downstairs there was an exhibit of korean conceptual art which was interesting, at least some of it. Then upstairs there was a really interesting african art exhibit. The museum has nice architecture and it's free!", February 2015
43,2.0,Nothing to see here.,, August 2014
44,5.0,One of my favorite modern art museums,, March 2014
45,3.0,Can skip if u do not have time,"It's free entrance and its in central location. The entrance is good with maple leaves trees but inside the museum, there are not a lot to see.", November 2014
46,3.0,Check to see if the current exhibit is to your liking,"You can reach the museum by getting off the metro dark blue line 1 or green line 2, and take exit 1.  Do a u-turn and go up the street on the side of Deoksugung Palace.  There is a dunkin' donuts on the corner, walk past the city hall building and up the walkway when you see the colorful flower exhibit.  The admission is free.  I went because they were having a Universal Studios exhibit.  I can't say that I was that impressed, but if you go with the idea that some stuff is ""off the wall"" you might get a kick out of it.  They have a gift shop with some very interesting items and a cafe combined.  Good for a rainy day.", June 2014
47,4.0,A great place to spend an afternoon,"Some great exhibitions in a great space, in a great location. A mixture of installations, video presentations, sculptures, and art, showing you various sides of Korean work from modern to traditional, and allowing for some great people watching too. Definitely a must see if you're interested in art.", December 2013
48,5.0,Free Art Museum,Seoul art museum is accessible by train and has no entrance fees. It houses contemporary art pieces and installations. This is a great place to check out Korean modern art., February 2014
49,4.0,A great recycled space.,"Tucked away next to the Seoul City Hall, this gallery had a lot of temporary space and only one or two semi-permanent gallaries. It focuses on modern art and what we saw was a lot of fun... A round up of local new artists. there were videos, installations, photos and mor tradition works.  Although this material will go, it gives a sense of what the gallery is likely to show.  Lots of kids, most of it free, a food outlet and easy access from City Hall metro.  This is a way of sampling Korean culture for Koreans.", January 2014
50,4.0,Romance all over Again.,"Seoul Museum of Art was fantastic. With their unique and outstanding work of art. I didn't want to leave, that is how beautiful and amazing their artwork was for me. This for me was a ""Once in a Life Time Experience"". But for others they might think I am exaggerating, but Hey every one has their own opinion. Just be careful because when I went it was really packed, so I went more than once to get a good look at the artwork/art pieces. For those who love art please go here and don't miss out because if you do, don't regret it just think of it as a life learn lesson.", July 2013
51,4.0,Art indeed can be a mystery sometimes.,, July 2013
52,4.0,definitely worth a visit,, June 2013
53,5.0,First rate,We attended the museum and found to our delight that admission was free.  After handing over one piece of picture ID (driver's license) we were provided with guide/headphones that explained the exhibits in English (or your language of choice).  The exhibits we viewed were Progressive Art of Korean Japanese artists and a separate exhibit of Taiwanese art.  Both were excellent.  Also on the grounds of the museum was a garden where further sculptures were displayed.  Upon leaving the grounds of the museum we walked through the nearby streets where there were numerous restaurants and embassies/consulates., May 2013
54,4.0,Tim Burton!!,, April 2013
55,5.0,Got my fill of Tim Burton!!!,"They were doing (and currently, are still) a feature on Tim Burton when I had visited. Being a big fan, I enjoyed every moment of it. Tickets may come of pricey for others, although I found it worth every KRW spent. They showcased letters Tim Burton received from the Fire station when he was in high school, the letters he received from critics and a whole lot of work and sketches he had as a young artist. Fascinating and makes you understand what was running in that young man's head before he blasted off to being famous. They also showed short movies that he had and the oh-so-famous stop motion animation he is known for. This place is highly recommended for Tim Burton fans.", March 2013
56,5.0,Worth A Visit,, March 2013
57,5.0,Great museum!,, February 2013
58,4.0,"Tim Burton's exhibition makes for a quirky,fun morning in this recommended art museum!","Easily accessible from City Hall subway station the Seoul Museum of Art (SeMA) is a good place to while away a couple of hours and is not an overly expansive Museum so three floors of exhibits and collections should take no more than a morning or afternoon. We caught the Tim Burton exhibition which was predictably busy but very fun and as expected a very quirky,macabre and imaginative outpouring of Burtons creativity over several decades. At the end of the exhibit there were several examples/props of more recent films - the Scissorhands of the eponymously titled film,Catwomans suit from Batman and a number of models from his animations. It was his only exhibition in Asia so perhaps says something for the pulling power of Seoul's art culture and this particular art museum. We paid W12000 as adults and W5000 for our 4 yr old. Cafe onsite for coffee,sandwiches and snacks.", February 2013
59,2.0,Too many people in special exhibits,, December 2012
60,3.0,Good Art Museum,"I always visit art and history museums wherever I go.  this was a short visit, nothing stands out in my memory but it is always worth it to enjoy the beauty of  art!  (Visited July 2007 but TripAdvisor dates does not go back that far!)", July 2012
61,4.0,A great place to enjoy the blend of art in real!,"The Seoul Museum of Art is a place where you can experience pleasure as a traveler and a citizen of Korea. There are several art exhibitions held every month, so you can see world-famous aritists' works. Several music concerts are held to please your ear also.", October 2011
62,4.0,history at a lovely place,This building is worth visiting for the history of Korea and for its own architecture. No tickets and a good view of Seoul Tower., February 2012
63,4.0,A modern museum!,If you are visiting Korea and you have seen enough traditional buildings (though they are very interesting) then visit the Museum of Art. Don't think of Rembrandt paintings - they're not there. It is an out-of-the-box art museum where you could take children also. Of course it is also conveniently situated next to the zoo so if you're taking the children with this is a day trip. You will need about two to three hours for the museum. It's easy travelling since the Seoul Subway system stops at the zoo entrance. Entrance to the museum is cheap. Enjoy., January 2012
