,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Good experience,"Clean air due to non smoking environment, smokers can smoke in smoking room within casino. This is a mini casino, thus it is quite quiet making gambling here is pretty pleasant. Free food provided for visitor who gamble here. Workers here are mostly polite. Nice place to visit", October 2019
1,4.0,No more smoking smell,"I read some reviews about the smoking smell inside this casino, but when I was there, no smoke is allowed inside the room. There is a small cabinet for smoker and now the remain room is fresh. For your information.", October 2019
2,1.0,Indoor air quality is worst! and rudest players all over.,1. You need a mask to protect yourself. Indoor air quality is worst. There is a smoking room but smoke smell is all over the casino. I stayed for 4 hours one day but I had suffered to breathing and I lost my voice.  2. I met rudest players there. They put their membership cards, June 2019
3,3.0,Good Experiance,"Went in the evening. It's fully occupied with foreigners and few Koreans.  Managers are just ok and not great with English,  Easy to make a gamble and cashout.  Food is only available with card points that's a minus.", June 2019
4,4.0,5star Hotel,Friendly staff to help u chk in and in lobby area. Free shuttle to Seoul Train Stn n Itewon shopping. Free WiFi average quality. 7star Casino in the basement. Afew restaurants oppt the hotel if u wish to go out for meals. , May 2019
5,1.0,Horrible experience!!!,It’s the place that sucks all foreigners money....  Restaurant inside casino is only accepting casino membership card’s point. If you didn’t have enough point you can not order food even with your own cash!!??   Even you are a hungry customer you have spent enough money so you, December 2018
6,1.0,Horrible customer service,"Customer service who works at reception desk was very unprofessional to say the least. When I showed US passport card, they denied my entry but couldn't explain why. Later, the lady said she couldn't read Alphabet - did not know what was written in the card who clearly", April 2017
7,1.0,Not Really English Speaking Friendly,"All the other reviews sum up the basic idea of this place, small, cramped, and not very fun when compared to a place like Vegas.  I sat down at a slot machine and I there was no one around.  I stupidly put in my voucher of 23,000 won into the machine and looked up to see that", March 2017
8,1.0,Only worth it if you are staying in the Hilton,"This was the smallest casino I have ever stepped foot into. There are no craps tables and as you would expect it is mostly baccarat. I stayed at roulette for a few minutes and I wish I was exaggerating, but it was 5-7 minutes between spins.", March 2017
9,2.0,Small Casino and Packed,"Small casino, probably the size of 2 hotel ballrooms. Smoking is now only allowed in 2 tiny rooms at the opposite ends of casino.   Under 10 blackjack tables, probably 20 baccarat tables, a few roulette tables, slots. Machine roulette and baccarat available. Spotted 2 three card", January 2017
10,4.0,Ok place if gambling is your thing,"This is not a make a casino what you would expect anywhere in Los Vegas. This was basically the size of a high school gymnasium,  but it did have all of the essentials.  And although my little walk around only lasted two or three minutes they did have complementary iced coffee", September 2016
11,1.0,Not what would you expect....,"This is an Asian style casino.... Meaning no glamour, dirty, crammed full of rowdy male gamblers (mostly tourists groups flown in from China) who are pushy, loud and love to spit into cups.   Filthy place !!!!!! ", May 2016
12,4.0,Great place to gamble ,"Needs more tables, was standing for a seat to play averaging about 45min  -1.5 hr. The beer or alcohol beverage coming around the casino is delivered by one,yes one, person. This is crazy, if you are on the later end of the rotation the beer is warm and flat. Not the way I want", April 2016
13,2.0,Managing Director ,Only for foreigners but everyone speaking only in Korean. Poor quality slots. I never saw any  winner of jackpot. I stayed there 8 nights. , March 2016
14,2.0,Interesting,"I like casinos. I like visiting different casinos. This casino is small, crowded (hard to get a seat at a blackjack table) and not service oriented. I was betting a significant amount (10x minimum) and was told the beer cart would be around once an hour. Just to get a ten ounce", January 2016
15,2.0,"Small, not enough poker tables",Very small casino and very crowded on the weekends.  There are not a lot of poker dealers so you have to wait hours to play.  The automatic order machines for food were both out of order so you cant order food at the time because you cant order directly to the waitresses. , January 2016
16,2.0,staff not adequately trained in customer service,"The SL casino is centrally located and very easy to get to.  Bit small and not much choice of tables.  Slot machines are joke, but if you want to gamble for few hours and have some fun with your buddies, this is it!    I have to say, the casino staffs looks so bored and", November 2015
17,2.0,Small Casino,It's a small casino.  Not much choices in machines.  Some table games are available.  The service staffs at the entrance of the Casino are less than friendly in attending to players.  I guess you will not miss much to omit this place though it is known to be one of the bigger, November 2015
18,5.0,This is a lovely hotel in a fabulous location.,"Mr. Hong who manages the hotel should be commended.  This hotel is awesome.  The food choices are great, the service wonderful and it's location can not be beat. ", October 2015
19,1.0,Don't expect to make any noise...,"I was very disappointed with the attitude of the managers and treatment I received.  As an establishment that caters to foreigners, they didn't appreciate any conversation with your fellow table mates or high fives when decent cards were dealt.  I've been to many casinos", August 2015
20,2.0,Don't Bother If You're Looking for Gambling Action,"I only know of this place because I stayed at the Hilton next door.  My mother (who is a big gambler) was initially excited but quickly became disappointed upon entering.  First of all, the place is pretty small.  I believe there might be less than a 50 slot machines in total. ", February 2015
21,3.0,Not a big casino,"Get a 30000 won voucher from the Korean Tourist Promotion website http://english.visitkorea.or.kr . Very convenient if you stay at Millenium Seoul Hilton because it's located at the basement.  Well, it's a casino , what to expect? Table card games and slot machines, counter", October 2014
22,3.0,Just an ok casino but nice that it's attached to the hotel,"This casino was quite busy and I don't think they were all folks staying in the hotel. Although they say no locals, there seemed to be a lot of people there so they must have all been visiting, mostly from China. The casino is quite small with about 2-3 dozen tables and the same", May 2014
23,2.0,Too small,"Very different as far as casinos go.  The Hilton hotel itself is nice, but the casino is not.  You have to have your passport checked before you are allowed in the casino.  The casino is small, and there are not many slot games at all.  No one is smiling; overall depressing", September 2013
24,2.0,"Small, Old, and Depressing","This place looks great on the outside and as you walk in the entrance to have your passport checked.  Then, you enter the actual casino room.  It's so dirty and old feeling.  There really is no excitement in there or fun energy.  It's just a bunch of old people sitting around", July 2013
25,2.0,bad service,very rude staff and attitude was bad ... not professional like the other casinos overseas needs more smiles and customer service to be able to compete with the world standard casinos, February 2013
26,3.0,Very Small casino,I visited this casino in 2008. Im not sure if they've upgraded it since then but if was very small. Probably as big as a banquet hall. They had great choices but I expected a little more., February 2012
27,4.0,Casino fun slowly arrived,"Well, I like this casino because the lighting is quite bright for casino setting. Being no local is better in a way, I always at least find a place to bet. Smoking is fine since I am a social smoker myself. My wife did complain. Roulette was set that you can bet in both sides on", October 2012
28,3.0,Not an attraction in itself,"Being located right inside a hotel frequented by tour groups and business travellers alike, this casino is always buzzing with activity. There game selection is typical for Korea and Asia in general, with baccarat, roulette, etc. being very popular and blackjack being more of a", April 2012
29,2.0,Great (FREE) food but Poor Ambiance & Health Hazard,"Firstly, bring your foreign passport and get a free casino members card Secondly, the above card entitles you to 2 free meals at the casino restaurant.  Excellent quality lunch type food (rice bowls/noodle soups with seafood/beef).  This free food was better then what I ate in", January 2012
