,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Good Experience,"Small, basic and less crowded casino. Limited table game & slot machine. Just nice & comfortable for spending a little time for slot game without noise disturbance whereby big casino have. Majority Asian tourist (especially from China). Good to visit and experience. ", April 2019
1,5.0,Had a great time ,, April 2019
2,2.0,Small and basic,, October 2018
3,3.0,Expensive but ok,, October 2018
4,1.0,Terrible casino and staff,"Worst casino and staff I have ever been to. Interesting that everyone at the front desk not only cant speak a word of english, but dont even try to explain things to you. I was given false information that caused alot of inconvenience for me.", March 2018
5,1.0,One of the worst casino’s ever.,"It’s the middle of winter and it’s like a sauna inside.  Very small, atmosphere is very tedious, and yes foreigners only.  We showed our passports to get in and walked out a few minutes later and told the lady who looked at our passport it was very hot and unbearable inside and as we continued walking out, instead of saying sorry or being professional we overheard her telling the male companions who also work with her at the entrance and she started laughing about situation. She is just a bad apple in a bunch because we have many Korean friends and understand the culture but this is what you should expect here.  He casino itself is like the size of a extra big basketball court, a very few slots on one end and the other 80-85 percent of the other end has table games.  If you really want to visit a casino go to walker hill very classy hotel with art inside casino on other.", February 2018
6,1.0,Worst place ever!,"The people there were so incredibly rude, and they do NOT offer free food and drink!  That is a flat out lie.  We had such a bad experience, we cancelled our memberships so we wouldn't receive offers or deals that would tempt us to return.  There is no going back after the awful time we had.  The overall atmosphere was that of desperate people and addicts, with a staff that was clearly just done and fed-up, didn't care at all about your needs or wants, and we NEVER got our drink orders in the 3 hours or so we were there, even though we asked multiple times.  I had more money to spend, but it just wasn't worth it!  This place is horrible.  You should go to Walkerhill Paradise Casino if you want good casino fun.  That place treats you like a VIP no matter who you are, and are always on top of their game.  Seven Luck was the worst casino and tourist experience I've ever had!  Stay away!", November 2017
7,5.0,Amazing Casino,Big Big casino with all level and types of gambling verities ....Its a neat and clean place with a good mix of people from all over the world...its attached to a hotel and you can stay there if you want, October 2016
8,4.0,First time to a casino in Seoul,First visit to Seven Luck Casino as I was spending half a day at Coex and Seven Luck Casino was just next door to Coex., February 2017
9,2.0,A very small casino,Location is not convenience and the casino itself is very small and not new at all. If you live in the hotel right next to it then it's not a bad idea to have a bet over there. My kid was left outside in the game room and wait us., December 2016
10,2.0,Advice from an American Gambler,, October 2016
11,1.0,Don't waste your time,"People go to casinos to have fun and to spend a few hours of time. This place is really small and you will not feel welcome. Only a couple of tables were open. The tables with low minimum bets (less than 50000 won) were full. Over half of the tables were Baccarat tables. There were only a couple of slot machines that are somewhat understandable from a Western perspective. There is no bar and the dining area (4-5 tables) doesn't offer any drinks: you have to sit at the game table to order them! It was also VERY hot already before lunch time. Only positive side of this place is that there is no entrance fee, so you can leave soon without feeling too bad.", March 2016
12,2.0,No attraction to the gambling tables...,"I was staying in the Continental Hotel, which is linked with this casino, so it was easy to pass by. I only stayed for 15 mins though as there was no attraction to the gambling tables. I would have liked to poker, but only two tables were open and I didn't really feel welcome. Also the other tables were not really international so I decided to spend my money somewhere else...", November 2015
13,3.0,Average casino,This was an average casino. We only came across it because we were walking from COEX mall to the intercontinental COEX. Worth going in to look around., February 2016
14,3.0,Boring,"The casino is not so big. Mostly are table/card games. The slot games were boring as they were old games. No new machine. Luckily, I won approx. US$600 at the Hot shot slot machine after playing for less than 15mins. The games were paid in KRW. The other gamblers looked at me with angry eyes because I heard they complained to their friends that they lost their money on the same machine after sitting there for hours.", November 2015
15,1.0,"Cold, dull, boring and poor service",, November 2015
16,3.0,Bring your Passport - Gangnam Gambling,, October 2015
17,1.0,Bad service ,, June 2015
18,4.0,Good blackjack rules make it worth the wait for a table.,"Personnel were not exactly friendly but polite enough. The casino is small on the inside with only about 5 tables open (in late afternoon when I went) for blackjack. (an equal or greater # for baccarat). Only two tables were  at the 10K won -- roughly $10 minimum -- bet which is my speed (others at 50K won or higher). I waited at least 15 minute to get a seat. 6-deck shoe but the rules were the best I've ever experienced: dealer stands on 17, double-down on any initial hand, and ... surrender on an initial hand. I would definitely go back again.", April 2015
19,1.0,Don't bother unless you seek Chinese or Korean,"I visited last week because I was staying at the Intercontinental Coex in the same building so I didn't even have to go outside and I had a free chip to use. But what a horrible experience! The staff didn't say anything, no smiles or greetings or please stay awhile. I couldn't wait to get out. I won't go again.", November 2014
20,2.0,Not too swooft,"I got pumped up coming to Seoul to see this place, because I wanted to play Texas Hold'em after being in Japan where there are no casinos.  My hotel was pretty close, took the modern subway a couple of stops and walked to the opening.  The COEX complex is a big office/mall complex, and is pretty nice with a food court and all, and the casino is right next door.  I walked into what looked like a massive casino on the outside, and it was tiny inside.  About 3 tables playing baccarat and roulette, and the Texas hold'em area was empty. I asked where the people were, and the dealer said, ""Maybe sometime, do you want to leave your phone number?""  Wow.  Then I saw this game going with a few people called Caribbean Style Poker, where everyone gets three cards, including the dealer. You bet on whether your hand of three will beat the dealer's three cards.  Sounds good, but you have to ante $30 each time, and bet another $30 if you want your cards to play.  Needless to say, I dropped $60 bucks and saw the writing on the wall immediately. Thirty dollar ante? That's like if you were playing a 2-5 limit game and you bet 6 times the big blind EVERY hand, no matter how bad it was. You would go broke in 5 minutes with the minimum $300 buy in.  So, I won't rag on this place any more, just suffice it to say that you should stay home and save your money.", July 2014
21,1.0,poor service,"Manager song yong bum and staff hong snae was exceptionally rude to hotel guests at Oakwood Premier.  Will never stay at Oakwood premier again and do not recommend spending $$ at the seven luck casino.  Was denied entrance to casino because staff took it upon themselves to deny entrance because we looked like we were ""drunk"".  Obviously not the case since I was able to post this review right after being denied entrance.  It seems as if you do not speak Korean you are treated with poor service and rude staff. I recommend you should not stay at this hotel or waste your money at this casino.  Park Hyatt would be my suggestion.  Great brunch and high regards for service.", March 2014
22,1.0,Their best is still not good enoug,The  staff cant even manage a fake smile to a guest. Very monotonous  tone (even if you excuse their English skills). Dealers are just robots with bones and muscles. Interior was just average and there were not enough tables for people to play. I am sure they can see there are people waiting to play while they are just looking at other people playing at a table., September 2013
23,5.0,Clean with Great Service,"I went to Lucky Seven after visiting Macau and I was shocked at the level of professionalism provided by the staff at Seven Luck.  I definitely recommend the casino, but please note that it is a rather small facility and so finding a table can be very hard with the right limits (unless you're a high limits player).", March 2013
24,1.0,First casino experience-was awful,, January 2013
25,3.0,Not as good the other branch,, October 2012
26,1.0,Horrible Casino,"This place was awful from start to finish. It was extremely hard to find, and no one working at the stores in the vicinty seemed to know where it was. It's way out from the city center, not worth trekking out there for. Once inside, there are hardly any tables. Most of them are BlackJack. The minimums at the tables are ridiculous, as another reviewer put it, they are a rip-off. I went to play roulette. Two tables shared a wheel. The turns between each bet where about 2-3x longer than at casinos in the States. Furthermore, there were only four tables being run, even though they could have had six. And there were dozens of people standing around waiting to get a seat at one. When I asked if they would open another table, they very rudely told me no. Also, I was not once offered a drink. Even though they said that servers would be walking around taking drink orders. Overall, a very horrible experience. And I had been really looking forward to do a bit of gambling since I live in Japan and it's illegal.", October 2012
27,1.0,Stay avay of Black Jack tables - rip off,, September 2012
28,1.0,"Smoky,run down and campy, avoid it!",This has seen better days. I do not recommend this unless you are really desperate to lose money in a smoky run down campy casino that would be closed in hours on the Vegas strip., May 2012
