,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,"My favourite dept store in Seoul, Korea","Whenever I visit Seoul, this is where I go for foods, clothes, duty-free, etc.  They have the best items of all sorts and fun to browse here too.", November 2019
1,4.0,Shopping mecca in the heart of Myondgong,"During the festive period Shinsegae in Myeongdong is quite popular as they have extensive Christmas lighting all around the building, which looks quite pretty. There are two buildings, one more focused on high end brands and the other more focused on main stream brands. This", December 2019
2,4.0,"Expensive, equivalent to Selfridges or Harrods",Huge store with everything high end you need.  Close to the markets and other big shops. We went yesterday it was packed. I thought the staff were quite rude when I asked for a specific product and the information desk was really unhelpful as the guy did not speak one word of, December 2019
3,5.0,A surprisingly great place for food! ,"The good hall is connected to Hyewha underground and is brilliant! Shopping is very high end. Tax free floors are 8-12 (not very well advertised), but we found it overrated with not much bargains. Also they only accept USD in duty free and you need your passport (or photo of it)", November 2019
4,3.0,saks 5th of seoul,good meeting point. tours start in front (facing woori  bank) browse around.  enjoy a snack at the many coffee shops.  walk the perimeter to orient the shopping and landmarks., October 2019
5,5.0,Great place to visit for family!,"The food court at the basement is great! Clean and affordable price. Free WiFi, nice kids area at level 7. Wish the staff could be friendlier but my daughter was only playing as we couldn’t lug the toys back to sg. Nonetheless this was the mall we kept going back as is easy with", October 2019
6,4.0,Nice Food Court,"If you’re into food then you might enjoy visiting here. They have food kiosks mainly korean, nice high end grocery, deli section with all sorts of cheese and cakes and sweets area.", September 2019
7,4.0,Typical Upscale Department Store,"A friend and I decided to check out this department store after looking around Namdaemun Market, where you can find just about anything you want and haggle over the cost. Shinsegae is at the other end of the spectrum, where designer merchandise prevails and prices remain fixed,", November 2018
8,5.0,AMAZING spot if you're into fashion.,"I always laugh when I read reviews from people bashing a high end store for having high end items. If you can't roll with the big boys, stay on the porch. There's everything in here for every type of fashion you could want from minks to street wear. There's also a supermarket,", July 2019
9,3.0,Expencive shopping,"Visited the shopping mall in june 2019. Mostly expensive brands. Could also find shots like Nike and Adidas, but with quite high prices. Food court in the basement. ", June 2019
10,3.0,Mainly high end product shopping,"If you are looking for luxury goods such as cosmetics, perfumes, handbags and clothes, you can come here and buy these products. They offer duty free if you bring your passport. This is well catered for Mainland Chinese tourists, since almost all the staff speak Putonghua.", June 2019
11,1.0,Horrendous service at airport duty free pick up,"Firstly, the level of service at the departmental store in Myeongdong wasn’t great. Bought a Tumi hand carry and due to bad command of English of the sales person, I became aware only after payment that I can only collect the bag in the airport. The first payment transaction had", May 2019
12,4.0,"High end store, and not much more to offer.","The main reason for visiting was to go to a family friends restaurant. It was quite confusing getting to the basement food court. Once you find it, the restaurants aren't clearly labeled. There is another doorway entrance that will lead you to the underground market which is not", March 2019
13,5.0,Branded duty free,This place is first of have most of the branded high end quality product. It's packed with tourist .There is all Range products for kids and grown up. We enjoyed shopping here .  Pop in early to avoid crowd ., April 2019
14,4.0,For the avid shopper,"If you are looking for the latest selection in designer brands, you will find a good selection here at Shinsegae. There are many international brands here as well as a good selection of Korean brands. A good place to get what you need including food stuff from the supermarket.", March 2019
15,4.0,Good underground food court,Food court is big and pretty nice. It's close from Myeongdong Street and Namdaemun Market. Crowded by many foreign tourists., March 2019
16,4.0,Traditional and Upmarket Department Store,"Back home in the UK traditional department stores are now rare, and only really found in large cities, perhaps due to our obsession with online shopping.  Here in Korea they seem to thrive and they really are very good.  The Shinsegae Department Store, located near to the", February 2019
17,3.0,Nice big supermarket at the basement,"We took the subway from our hotel, Fraser Place Central and is just a few stops away.   We entered into the basement area, and was surprised to see so many and trendy eateries. We stayed at one of the small cafe and had ice cream.   Prices are definitely more expensive. A nice", February 2019
18,3.0,A regular department store ,"The usual - perfumes and cosmetics on the ground floor, mini high end food court and supermarket in the basement, brand names on the other floors.  Nothing amazing. ", February 2019
19,5.0,Beautiful luxurious mall!,I stayed at the Lotte Hotel which was about ten min walk from shinsegae dept store. Starting from the eighth floor it is duty free. There are a lot of luxury goods but for Hermès they don’t have bags and only comestics and stuff. It is a lovely mall! If you buy from the normal, January 2019
20,5.0,Great location,"Great location, walking distance from our hotel Ramada Hotel & Suites, near Myeondong and Nandaemun market. ", December 2018
21,4.0,High end departmental store,"In every country, there is always this top end department store such as JC Penny in the US, Takashimaya in Japan, etc. Shinsegae is of similar concept in Seoul.", December 2018
22,4.0,This is a fairly large mall,This is a fairly large mall with the usual brands available as as well a supermarket and food hall.   It is similar to other Shinsegae Department Store throughout the country. , December 2018
23,4.0,Lots of brands under one roof,"A major departmental store in Seoul, it houses a variety of luxury and average brands under one roof.  Not much bargains here if that's what you r looking for. ", December 2018
24,4.0,Top class Shopping Mall,"I went to Shinsegae Department Store during my visit to Seoul in October 2018. It was a great shopping mall with world class boutiques and other high-end products. Unless you were looking for high-end products or boutiques like Louis Vuitton, etc, this is definitely not your", October 2018
25,4.0,This is not a world class food hall,"We went primarily to go cosmetic and food hall shopping.  The food hall is nice but in no way is world class when compared to the food halls of Japan. It’s like comparing LeBron James to a 4 foot tall high school basketball player in a wheelchair.  There is a nice Korean bakery,", November 2018
26,5.0,"World-class food hall, the love-child of WHOLE FOODS and HARRODS GOURMET!","FOOD: To those foodies out-there who are also obsessed with supermarkets, farmers-markets, fish-markets, look no longer further. Because this underground supermarket is amazing and super chic. It's like a love-child between wholefoods + harrods food hall. Clean, tidy and", October 2018
27,4.0,Excellent food court,"Initially we thought this to be just another expensive high end department store, and it really is huge. But we discovered that the basement is a really huge and very nice food court selling all kinds of delicious foods and very classy. The prices here were not cheap but the", July 2018
28,5.0,"If you like to shop, you need to check this out!","My wife and I like fashion, people watching, and shopping.  This place is freaking off the chain.  It is literally mind freaking blowing.  Nearly anything you want to find, this place will have it.  There is also some food an dining there, and it's top notch.  I'd totally go", July 2018
29,5.0,"Go to the bottom, it’s awesome!","This store only carries high end goods, so if you are looking for a deal, this might not be the place for you. It is however extremely nice and everyone was very friendly. The bottom floor is where you need to go. That is where the food court is along with a nice grocery store.", July 2018
30,3.0,EXPENSIVE!,"Unless you are looking for expensive stuff, this is not for you. It's a regular mall with branded goods and for some reason, they don't have a handful of newborn stuff like breastpumps etc. Their infant selection are very limited as well. You can come here if you want to chill", April 2018
31,5.0,Great for all things you need,"Shinsegae does not disappoint for the shopping experience. The basement food floor is amazing, and you can get just about any brands / items that you need on the others. I needed shoes urgently and ended up buying two pairs from Kumkang on the third floor. Tbh i was blown away", August 2018
32,5.0,Food court reminds me of the Plaza in New York,I love the food court and market isn’t this department store.  High quality foods... looks like the Plaza Hotel in NYC. Discovered delicious naengmyun which is made of fish brothI think and fish. It is low to medium spicy and they serve dumplings. It was very delicious I went, August 2018
33,3.0,high end goods,very good department store for high end goods.  every level has a different kind of goods from kids to men and women and electronics.  if you go to Myeongdong then its worth a quick visit., April 2018
34,2.0,Such horrible service ,"This is for the branch at Myeongdong. At the balenciaga boutique - the service was horrid. A young woman was there, on the telephone, and refused to reply when I asked her if there was menswear and men’s bags. I literally stood in front of her waiting for her to finish her phone", July 2018
35,4.0,Nice Department Store,"This is a nice department store with 4 floors of duty free shopping. As is typical of other department stores, the first floors sells cosmetics and beauty items, followed by fashion and home then duty free. It was more spacious than the others.", July 2018
36,3.0,Upscale shopping but be aware of the process!,"I've never shopped at a duty free department store, so it's my ignorance that I didn't know that you don't get the goods right then UNLESS it's manufactured/sold by a Korean company. But even buying Korean goods is a hassle. For example,when buying a  Kakao Ryan backpack, I", July 2018
37,5.0,Great shopping and excellent service ,"Compared to other high end department stores in the area, we felt more shopaholic here. The staff are friendly, more attentive and more welcoming. The selections are well curated. Promotion on some of the items were so good, you need to be mindful because it's so easy to", May 2018
38,3.0,It's your average fancy department store,"This store is very attractive, clean, and well-maintained. There are lots of luxury goods and a good selection of clothing and home items.", April 2018
39,4.0,Nice,"We just visited the other day and its huge,its like Macys,name brands and expensive.Just looking around from 10th floor to basement which is a foodcourt and supermarket.Its clean and near Namdaemun market.", April 2018
40,3.0,Many international brands,A huge department store with various Intl brands..not much worth to see unless you are looking for high end Korean cosmetics, April 2018
41,4.0,Not keen on Namdaemun-ro street food the try Shinsegae food court,"After spending Sunday morning wandering after through Namdaemun market, my son wanted to have lunch in Shinsegae Dept store. On the basement level of Shinsegae’s main store in downtown Seoul is a food street of many private and locally well known restaurants and food shops. The", April 2018
42,4.0,Pretty big mall,A big 10 story mall with lots of luxury brand. On the 10th floor you can find and arcade and a very nice movie theater(movies in English and Korean). The place was extremely clean. Highly recommend if you are downtown Uijeongbu and have a few hours to spend in it., February 2018
43,5.0,Duty free gives free gifts and promo ,Prices are the same than lotte duty free but they give more free items. Becomes a member and look for promos in service Center. Bought item from lotte for 70 usd in shinsegae same price but 30$ more free gifts and discount  Spent 50 get 5$ off  Spend 100 get 10 off It’s a master, February 2018
44,4.0,Shinsegae,"Shinsegae is a huge shopping center. In Poland shopping centers have 3 floors but in Korea they have much more floors. I think there are all ""big name"" stores. You should go there in the morning.  Shinsegae gördüğüm en büyük alışveriş merkezlerinden biri. Oraya kesinlikle sabah", January 2018
45,4.0,Shinsegae,"Nice shopping center in easily accessible location. Better than Lotte Main. Possible to get tax refund immediately. However, prices are expensive.", February 2018
46,5.0,Take your passport.,"I got a discount using Mastercard. I loved shopping here! Prices were generally quite reasonable. Lots of food and brands! Friendly English, Chinese, Japanese speaking staff always ready. Enjoy the shopping!", December 2017
47,4.0,Dont forget passport!!,Wanted to get some luxury bags in Shinsaegae but i did not bring my passport. It was the requirement to show our passport for: 1. Identification purpose to have a tax free purchase 2. To key in our details and they would ask u for your outbound flight number (remember your, December 2017
48,4.0,Great place for branded goods,"Like another other Duty Free shopping malls eg. Lotte. Not sure which is better. But i'd prefer the one at Express Bus Terminal Station, whereby they have lots of stores for food at their basement level which is a food heaven! Do drop by there if you have the time.", December 2017
49,5.0,Shopping Heaven for Shopholic!,"This is the place for people like me....shopholic with a style. You can get lots of branded goods at a good price especially at their duty free floors. However, take note that you can only collect the items purchased at the airport upon your departure date. It's really worth", December 2017
50,5.0,Great place not to only shop but eat,I love how each and every floor level were designated to a specific age and gender but what I loved the most is the duty free floors and the basement where you can find a huge gourmet stores and a handful of restaurants serving a world wide cuisines selections., November 2017
51,4.0,"Beautiful upmarket store, for your ""eyes"" only......","We had read reviews that this is a must visit place, especially about the food court here.  Everything about Shinsegae is unmistakably upmarket. It has very beautiful decor & classy ambience .  Atmosphere is nice & cosy. So many top brands products. The  supermarket ( not very", November 2017
52,3.0,Luxury shopping centre,We drop-by here after came back from Nami Island trip. Pretty much nothing for us coz we not going to do any shopping. But this is a right place for the luxury shoppers., October 2017
53,5.0,Basement food court is amazing,"Te first place I visited this department store was the basement food court.  Similar to a lot of mega Japanese department stores, Shinsegae's food court is just amazing.    There is a supermarket where you can find traditional Korean ingredients and other western food.  There", October 2017
54,4.0,High end department store with high end prices,"If you are looking for a luxurious department store then head here, but if you are looking for a good deal then keep looking. Lots of stores and places to eat though so even if you aren't going to buy anything else go for that.", October 2017
55,4.0,Lovely department store and great food court with not too expensive price,Food court is really lovely in Sinsegae. Of course there are a lot of tourist but in general the design of this department store is quite well-planned. Food court you can buy a lot of different thing and makes me feel like a smaller version of Harrods with wider alley., October 2017
56,4.0,... but expensive,"When you want to buy luxury, this may be the shopping place. At least 3 floors for duty free buying. I was looking for baby clothing but need to say better ones I’ll find in my own country.  Only baby pink and blue! Anyway an experience - especially the Food store.", October 2017
57,4.0,High end departmental store,"This is a huge departmental store. The food basement is huge, offers more high end/ expensive products than Lotte mart. There were multiple mini restaurants at the basement.", July 2017
58,4.0,Big place,"This is a huge department store with duty free shops in the upper floors. But as expected, not too many staff possess good english speaking skills. Internet is free but there are deadspots. Comfort rooms are clean and looked elegant. ", June 2017
59,4.0,Nice and big - good food court and a great roof terrace,"After checking out the huge Lotte Dept. Store we had a look around here.   Lotte was ok with a fine food court. But Shinsegae beats Lotte clearly. Everything looks a bit cleaner, a bit better, a bit more professional. There's a big selection for clothes, kitchenware and", April 2017
60,4.0,Good mall,"It's food court in the basement is similar to Harrods except better than Harrods..if you want to have a nicer meal,  go up to the 11th floor where there are a few restaurants. We tried the Korean beef hot pot noodles at the Korean restaurant 甜蜜 which was pretty good. The flavor", May 2017
61,4.0,luxurious mall,"Seoul has many traditional market and for sure it also has many luxurious mall, especially around Myeongdong (I do not know in other areas). Shinsegae has duty free shops and many other shops which sell things you can buy. I myself did not buy anything here, better shop at the", April 2017
62,5.0,Shinsegae,This store is huge! Located in such a good spot in Myeongdong. Food court down stairs is really good too, April 2017
63,4.0,1 of 5 duty free and dept stores,"This is a 12 floor dept store. 3 floors are duty free the rest are your typical dept store in asia. For men , women, kids and electronic.  You can spend 6 hrs just looking at items in mall. All basement 1 has the food. and cafe and restaurants are in some floors.", March 2017
64,4.0,Nice Department Store,"Plenty of places to eat and there are around 6floors of just Cosmetics, Handbags, Clothes and other nicknacks. Easy to navigate and there are plenty of discounts everywhere!", January 2017
65,4.0,Great food hall in basement,"We were staying across the road at Hotel Mido. Ate lunch at the food hall. Wide range of food ranging from Vietnamese, Indian to Korean food.  We went for the Korean food. Ate at 2 Korean food stalls, sharing the food so we could eat more variety. Menus have English description", November 2016
66,4.0,Similar to lotte department store,More high-end supermarket compared to lotte.  Nice food stores at basement and plenty of cakes/pastries to try, November 2016
67,4.0,More upscale than the other one,"The food court in basement is excellent and has several mid-upscale options. There is a nice garden on the tenth (11th ?) floor rooftop. Bright, open, and prices are fair. Bring your passport for duty free shipping. ", October 2016
68,5.0,Awesome,Why don't we have a department store like this in The Netherlands? With all luxury brands in one store and some cheaper brands as well. However you have to bring a lot of money if you want to buy something nice. And the foodcourt and foodmarket are brilliant too. You can eat, September 2016
69,4.0,Lotte Department Store is Better,"This is still a good department store, I just feel that if you got to Lotte Main Department store, I don't see why you'd need to go here.  My cousin in law came with us looking to buy a duty free LV belt, but they did not have LV at their duty free.  He ended up getting it at", August 2016
70,5.0,De Moon Korean restaurant at the shopping mall,"There are a few eateries in the department store and most of them look good - once you find them, that's it! There is an ""interactive"" map on each floor, using which you can locate your destination - once you located English button on it :) The 5F, where most of the eateries", May 2016
71,4.0,Didn't even look at the merchandise..went raifht yo the basement for food,"Just like Harrods in London, or the basement of El Corte Englis in Spain, this place has food in the basement.  Except mainly restaurants of many ethnicities. Korean, of course, Japanese sushi, Chinese dumplings, Vietnamese pho, and lots and lots of desserts, from chocolate to", May 2016
72,4.0,Huge department store with duty free shopping,This main store is located within 15mins from Myeongdong station and one practically find almost anything in this building.  The immediate duty free shopping is located from the 8th floor. The lower levels provide tax refunds for tourists.  If you're looking for luxury goods, May 2016
73,4.0,Luxury all the way,Was visiting the Namdaemun market just behind the Shinsegae Main store. Stark contrast between upper class shopping and low mid class just a street across. Posh marque cars line the street outside Shinsegae.  Step into the mall and you feel you're in another zone altogether., May 2016
74,5.0,Exclusive shopping mall.,"A mall with popular, luxury and high-end premium brands outlet under one roof. Good for window shopping, or gift hunting!", September 2015
75,5.0,free time during a recent business strip,"If you need it you can find it at this department store.  High end products plus gifts for business associates makes this an ideal stop while in Seoul.  Need wine, pastry, chocolate, clothes, etc, you will be able to find it here.  friendly and courteous staff always!", March 2016
76,5.0,Excellent,Nice department store with wide selection of international and local brand. Roof restaurant is nice but this time was closed for restructuring., April 2016
77,3.0,Everything under one roof,"Went to this and another store and it was mostly high-end shopping with brands such as LV, Gucci, Coach etc being prominently displayed.  While my wife browsed the ladies' clothing and cosmetics departments,  I had a rather enjoyable time checking out the supermarket and food", March 2016
78,5.0,very fashionable,a lot of good selected shops and boutiques in this department.  enjoy shopping and just watching around for hours., March 2016
79,4.0,My wife really loved it here,"It seemed to me like a Macy’s in New York without all of the glittering decorations. he department store had American Music, all of the advertisements had American girls and every store could be found in America. I have some allergies to perfume and this place really had such a", February 2016
80,5.0,Very elegant building selling high end brand name goods,"I was walking from Myeongdong to Hoehyeon and passed by the Shinsegae Department Store.  The facade of the building was grand and elegant, could tell it was from the early 20th century.", February 2016
81,5.0,High end shopping,"Very big and nice building before going in, very nice decorated, marble floor, wow, grant in korea. Women clothes varieties and designs mostly smart. Mutiple international famous brands. Room temperature setting was good, not too hot, no need to take off my jacket. Nice to walk", February 2016
82,4.0,Beautiful Christmas decoration and Great Shopping Experience,"Whenever I am in Seoul, I will go and visit Shinsegae Department store. I like to shop at their super market and also have meals at their food level. This is because the environment is peasant and food is of quality Service is good. ' This time, I saw the beautiful lighting", November 2015
83,1.0,Bad attitude,Sorry to say this. Never saw such behaviour to customers such that. I have been to more than 40 countries. My wife choosed 5 leather handbags went to the cashier to pay and they refused letting her pay without the passport. At the same time all customers pays normally. As, October 2015
84,5.0,"Seoul's answer to Neiman, Saks, Bergdorf, etc",High end shopping lives at the Shinsegae Main department store.  I was impressed at the depth of every high end brand represented at this store.  , April 2015
85,3.0,It's ok,Not my favourite shopping location in Seoul.  Found it a little more difficult to navigate.  Has two buildings - one is more high end.  In the end it is shopping and I am usually forced to go, August 2015
86,4.0,"If You Like Department Stores, Add A Star!","The Shinsegae location in Busan is larger (in fact, it's the Largest Department Store in the World), but this one's big enough to be getting along.  If you love the experience of, say, Harrod's in London, the Galeries Lafayette of Paris, or Milan's Corso Como, this is for you.", November 2014
87,5.0,Shinsegae Department Stores care for their Foreign Customers!,"Over the years I have been living and working in Korea I have found Shinsegae staff consistently courteous, attentive and helpful at every one of their stores I have visited in Seoul. Even though many staff don't speak English they always spare no effort listening to me and", July 2015
88,4.0,Mall o' Korea,"If you enjoy capitalism, like you should. This mall in the proximity of the Namdaemun market is something to check out. Layer after layer of consumer goods, lights, glitz, with restaurants at the top of the building. If you like European cars, just stand on the street outside", June 2015
89,4.0,Head straight to the Food Hall! You can skip the rest.,"I’m not sure about the other cities, but in both Seoul and Busan, Shinsegae comes in the form of a multi-level shopping complex selling everything from clothes to homeware to… my focus – food. Lots and lots of food!  Read my top tips for getting the most of the Food Hall here", April 2015
90,4.0,Another huge luxury shopping mall,"Quite similar to other department store such as Lotte, this store also carries luxury brands. Located near to Namdaemun Market.", January 2015
91,4.0,Impressive and opulent store,"What an impressive site as you approach Shinsegae.  The main store, the flagship of the chain is truly a landmark in downtown Seoul.  Located in the Myeong-dong area the beautiful structure emits an air of style, class and historic culture.  Best way to reach it is by metro", June 2014
92,5.0,Hidden Gem in the Hectic & Stressful City Life,"The most luxury department store. Two wings. One wing for super luxury and the other for normal luxury. Worth to visit and see what it offers, but please note you'd feel odd if you are not well presented. Also, please make sure you visit TRINITY GARDEN on the top of department", April 2014
93,4.0,Classy,"My main purpose in visiting Shinsegae was not to splurge on the global brand name products available, but to view the well-reviewed Trinity Garden on the department store's top floor. The department store itself is a class act. Obviously catering to the rich and richer, here you", May 2014
94,5.0,A feast for the eyes,Simple floor layout with excellent visual merchandising and promotional materials. A wide variety of international and local labels for shoppers to choose from. Those hungry after some splurging can fuel up with the huge food selection in the basement., May 2014
95,5.0,just wow!,Shinsegae Deptmartment store in Myeongdong might have been the best shopping day i have experienced. Not only because of the endless high end designers but the service of the workers are unbelievable. One worker who works for Dior Sunglasses truly made my shopping experience at, May 2014
96,5.0,Finest and Best,"Easily the finest and best high street shopping experience in Seoul. Spread across two stores, New building(12 floors) and the main building(6 floors). Has all the major fashion brands under one roof. Truly amazing. As always the duty free floor is flooded with Chinese shoppers.", February 2014
97,4.0,Upmarket Shopping Centre,Shinsegae Dept Store is one of the upmarket shopping centre in central Seoul. It houses international renowned fashion brands with a wide selection of Korean designer products. Shinsegae is the place to go if you are looking for something expensively fashionable., December 2013
98,5.0,Asian Harrods !,"this is the finest Mall in Korea for haute couture and high end food technic cooking and fashion designer, from LV to Gucci is here just prepare your CC lol ! if fashion not for you..well they offer great food hall with so many Korean authenticity but no photo ! they seem", October 2013
99,5.0,World Class Food Hall,"Go to Shinseage just for the food halls - totally amazing high end market and a couple dozen specialty kiosks selling all kinds of yummies.  There are also a couple of places where you can buy food to sit down and eat there.  An amazing sushi bar.  As someone else said here,", February 2013
100,4.0,"amazing place, very high-end","this mall didnt have a sears or macy's lol, but it did have every major designer that I've ever heard of, Gucci, Armani, Donna Karen, Fendi, Coach, Paul Frank, ect... there is a nice food court/grocery in the first floor, it is all a little pricey (esp the high-end designer", January 2013
101,4.0,Just another big departmental store,There are 2 levels dedicated to duty free shopping which is packed with people mainly the mainlanders. They are buying everything. Price wise is not that attractive. I probably could get similar price locally., October 2012
102,5.0,The Finest Mall Experience!,Could've christened it the 21st Century Harrods of Korea! What a superlative experience it is to spend time in this mall . . . Right from the parking attendants in their tailcoats to the concierge service inside is truly outstanding., March 2012
103,4.0,Good Restaurants Upstairs,"One of the best restaurants in Seoul for kalbi-tang is on the 10th floor.  They have a nice coffee shop on the main shopping floor, you can purchase pastries as well.  You can satisfy your western craving for bread products as well - a couple of good bakeries which sell", November 2011
104,5.0,Restaurants on the 10F are excellent!,Having family in Seoul is a plus because they know where the high quality but reasonably priced restaurants are.  The 10F of the Shinsegae department store near Namdaemun is one of them.  I have had the occasion to try a few of them but the one that stands out is the sushi, September 2012
105,3.0,Upmarket mall - very expensive,"Go to this store if you want to purchase high-end fashion and accessories at a high-end price. It is just a huge department store, nothing special, unless you go to the one in Busan in the South of Korea, which is recorded as the World's Biggest Department Store. If you do go", September 2012
106,4.0,"If you have money to burn, this is the place","Expensive high-end del. store in central Seoul, filled to the brim with anything from fashion to cutlery. You can find almost anything fashionable here and the staff are very helpful, even without speaking English (as they should be with these prices. At the top of the building", August 2011
107,4.0,Small sizes only,"If you've got money to burn and you're a very small size, then Shinsegae is for you. But if you're normal western size and on a budget then don't bother. Unless you go to visit the candy store Weeny Beeny....mmmmm!!", June 2012
108,4.0,Huge upscale mall,This mall is huge and very upscale.  Take a trip to the bottom level for a snack.  Walking around took forever but the sights were pleasing.  The clothing displays were very nice and I found a dress that's out of this world.  Ca't wait to wear it., May 2012
