,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Elegant shopping mall,"Although not as opulent as the Shisegae downtown mall, this more modern building has a lot to offer to cater to any shopping or eating need, with many fashionable joints to chose from. Connnected to the mall is the Shisegae duty free, where you can find all sorts of luxury, travel and beauty items at interesting prices if you are a foreigner travelling to Seoul. Bring your passport with you, register as a VIP at the counter and shop with an additional 10% discount, then pick up the goods at the airport on departure", January 2020
1,5.0,Shopping hot spot in Gangnam,, December 2019
2,4.0,Food court isnt as impressive as gangnum store.,We normally go to the gangnum store near thebus terminal. Thought we would give this one a try as we were staying across the road. The food court was underwhelming compared to the gangnum store. Probably not as big. Still nice however., January 2020
3,4.0,Lots of eateries with cinema .....,Just next to express bus terminal. Many choices for eateries and 12 floors of shopping !  Cinema is within the building too ...., November 2019
4,4.0,Massive shopping complex ,This is a huge department store along with a massive underground shopping area attached to the bus station. There is something here for everyone the only challenge is finding your way around because it’s so big and there are so many shops and ways in and out., November 2018
5,4.0,wow!!,, September 2018
6,3.0,Exy foodcourt,We went to the food court which was in the basement level of the department store. There was a good variety of foods to sample in the food court but we thought it was a bit on the pricey side. We opted for a bucket of fried chicken – we chose a few different flavours of fried chicken and filled up our bucket half way. It came to about 13000 won., March 2018
7,4.0,Connected To A Nice Mall,, October 2016
8,4.0,Good mall,"It's food court in the basement is similar to Harrods except better than Harrods..if you want to have a nicer meal,  go up to the 11th floor where there are a few restaurants. We tried the Korean beef hot pot noodles at the Korean restaurant 甜蜜 which was pretty good. The flavor wasn't too overpowering and wasn't spicy,  which is rare for Korea.", May 2017
9,5.0,My favourite department store in Seoul,, April 2017
10,5.0,Neiman/Bergdorf of Seoul,The representation of high end brands at this store reminds me of Neiman Marcus or Bergdorf Goodman.  Great selection...great food court...had dinner on their sit-down restaurant floor., March 2017
11,4.0,High end shopping...,"I don't really shop at departments stores in Korea but often hang out with my family while I'm visiting. Each location might be different but there's about 12~13 floors in total. The basement is the market, food court, bakeries, grab-n-go foods and etc. The 1st floor is cosmetics/accessories and the other floors are divided into women, men, kid's, shoes, bags and etc. The top floors have many different restaurants with variety of cuisines. This mall can get VERY busy on weekends so try to avoid at all cost! (Don't even think about it on holidays...) Lunch rush can be crazy and the wait time for restaurants take forever. You'll see an older crowd during week days since it's the perfect place to hang out during the day with shopping, restaurants and cafes. This mall is so clean and all staff are very polite and helpful. The best time to visit is in the morning if you want to avoid crowds.", April 2016
12,4.0,Mind-Blowing Shopping Experience,, December 2016
13,5.0,Shopping ,AMAZING AMAZING place. So many things to eat and see. You could spend a week in here and not see it all. High end as well as everyday things. Even more choices of dinning and coffee., December 2016
14,4.0,Shinse Gangnam,"Lots of stuff to buy, easy to get lost as well. Other shopping places and restaurants around. Great location in Gangnam", September 2016
15,4.0,High End Dept Store with amazing fiod,"This is one of the best department store in Seoul, as it's located at the Express Bus Terminal & on top of huge underground shopping center. You can literally shop at this high end store for top notch brand name & grab some traditional food at the bus station of underground shopping area, and decide to shop some more at the discount stores that line the underground shopping center. Also, selection of food items are great at Shinsegae as well!", November 2016
16,4.0,Many things under 1 roof,"10 floor shopping mall. Very convenient,upmarket clothing shops and gifts galore. Very centrally located and easy accessable. Linked to Express bus terminal and very close to subway. Lots of famous brand clothing. Basement food section. A must visit if in South Korea!", August 2016
17,4.0,Convenient and fun,"This famous department store and shopping complex right next to express bus terminal hub and 3 lines of subway makes attract more people. Lots and lots of restaurants and cafes inside and near by. Also Free Wifi provided. You really can spend whole day for shopping, dinning and coffee! Love this place. Also there is a roof top garden so you can get fresh air and view of Gangnam area.", July 2016
18,4.0,posh shopping,"So this place is a real hub because JW Marriot is here, the bud terminal is here and there is also a really big shopping mall. there are a lot of places to eat here. My favourity shop was this men's clothing shop which also did 3D printing. So for about USD100. you can get a mini-statue of yourself!! Quite interesting.", June 2016
