,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,The typical Seoul live,Sinchon is an area with less to non foreigner. You just have the typical korean restaurants and people will look at you like you got lost. It was an interessting experience and this part of the city is nice as well, October 2018
1,4.0,High vibe,I enjoy this area very much. Relaxing. Nice street and cute places. Very pleasant to see young people all around. Shops are bustling. But yet it is so relax to shop., September 2019
2,5.0,Nice place during the weekend.,, July 2019
3,4.0,Pleasant surprise,, April 2019
4,5.0,The real University area in Seoul,, April 2018
5,4.0,A place to grab a drink and see how college students are like here,, October 2018
6,5.0,Great place,Visited Sinchon on our last night in Seoul. It’s a great place to shop and dine. Not so crowded as Myeongdong. Lots of dining choices. Love the live performances at night, October 2018
7,4.0,Shopping malls and Cosmetic shops,the underground of Sinchon subway can walk to another shopping mall and department stores with different exit ways., April 2018
8,4.0,Modern life of korean youngsters,"The area is very energetic, plenty of cafes, restaurants, ""love"" motels, clubs & bars, shopping etc... However the main attraction is people ~ stylish Koreans, foreign student ~ absolutely lovely👍", July 2017
9,4.0,Hidden Night Life After Midnight,"Around Sinchon you can find a strip of street food, bars, clubs, traditional restaurants, and arcades. It's perfect if you want to avoid foreigners, mostly locals in this area. Although a great selection things to do late at night, there tends to be a lot of S. Koreans drinking beyond  their limit to blow off work steam and consequently friends carrying each other home. Completely, safe, but not best environment for a romantic stroll nor to bring young kids.", November 2017
10,5.0,An amazing and cool area on Seoul,"Lots of people, restaurants, bars, pubs, there are 4 universities around so Sinchon is always packed with young cheerful crowd. the proximity of Hongdae makes it a perfect spot for meeting friends, clubing, eating out, and just chilling. the atmosphere is great, it's safe, pretty affordable and simply cool.", August 2017
11,5.0,Food Paradise,"It is just near the Ewha University, you can just easily combine two places in a walking distance. This place is more a place for searching food than shopping. Lots of restaurants could be found in the area.", May 2017
12,5.0,Enjoyed ,"We visited sinchon station  for a dinner at Jyoti Indian restaurant and look around upplex . It was nice and enjoyed the vibrant vibe of sinchon . You may find great curry restaurant , shopping cosmetics and clothes .", May 2017
13,5.0,Good location for solo travellers,, April 2017
14,4.0,Vibrant mix,"Getting to Sinchon is fast and easy. This is a place with many stores (including department stores), places to eat and to hang out. There's many activities out on the streets as well. Take the rest of the day and hang out in Hongdae which is close by!", April 2017
15,3.0,Cool Play Bus!,, October 2016
16,4.0,Same as Ewha,"There's just so much you can buy here because of the affordable prices! You will be able to see many shops selling similar design of clothes and bags and shoes in other places but much more expensive. But here, price is good! Street food is good too:)) but prepare to walk and walk and walk as this place is long and big. Remember to exercise self-control too!", February 2017
17,5.0,"Sinchon is Ehwa Womans Uni, Ehwa Womans Uni is Sinchon","Basically, Ehwa Womans Uni is located in Sinchon and the shopping street outside the university. Just take the subway to Ehwa Womans Uni and Sinchon is within walkable distance. Prepare 3 hours for this area as it is long and a lot of shops and stalls to visit.", November 2016
18,3.0,Was just so-so,"I was looking forward to Sinchon but I have to admit I was abit bored here. The shopping didn’t really appeal to me as there were more shopping malls opposed to small quirky shops, and I much prefer the selection at the streets over at Edae. Lots of food places and drinking holes. This seems to be a place that comes alive only at night as a lot of the eateries etc weren’t open when we were there (around lunchtime) and seems more catered to a younger demographic/students etc.", October 2016
19,4.0,Nice place for night hopping,"Likes Hongdae, this place is vibrant at night. There are lot of food stalls, but less crowded. You can enjoy walking in the road, listen to street live music or watch some street magician. We spend around 2-3 hour here", October 2016
20,5.0,Sinchon,"Lots of restaurants and shopping places around here. Riding Subway Line 2, is can go straight to Hongik Univ., Gangnam and Jamsil. Sinchon is famous for all the motels and hotels to stay", August 2016
21,4.0,Wow!,"So many choices for food and shopping.  Found an arcade my young son enjoyed, would love to visit later in the night.. looks like it would be fun.", September 2016
22,4.0,Vibrant and happening young adult place ,"We booked an airbnb guesthouse si I stayed for 8 days. I haven't been to other parts of Seoul so I can't really compare. Sinchon is compact and an young person haven, a university town sort of. Young people walk here and there, cosmetics shops aplenty, (but then this is kr) and many cheap eateries abound. Hyundai shopping centre was fantastic, the food basement even better than takashimaya back home. There's a daiso so quite a lot of shopping options. It has a young person vibe I guess.", June 2016
23,5.0,Cozy & Colourful,"This place is pretty popular among youngsters. Many university around this area, most popular is Ewha Women's University, my friend said this place became shooting location of some music video clip & film. Hotel & backpacker hostels also quite cheap. If you are fashion lovers, you definately must visit Sinchon where you can find many funky clothes, shoes, bags etc with student price. Cafes, clubs, bars, street foods & restaurants are in every corner. If you are an explorer you may find some hidden fabolous spots. I would say this place is never sleep :)", June 2016
24,4.0,Happening place,"With heaps of restaurants, cafes and shops, Sinchon is a very happening place. Affordable lunch and dinner options. Great place to grab cheap eats. Norebang or singing rooms and bars are plentiful. Also has plenty of guesthouses around the area.", May 2016
25,5.0,Sinchon is party place!,I love this area primary because it has the best chicken place in the city! Everything is open all night and has so many options! The entire streets are filled with everything you might possibly need to do at night! Mainly has a wide variety of bars and eating places., April 2016
26,5.0,Great place for low price meals!,"If you are a traveller with budget, this is a great place to look out for. I had korean bbq buffet (but can't rem the restaurant name) with a wide spread of cooked and uncooked food for only around 10000won! You judge on the price if its affordable! There are more affordable priced food around as well... Hunger your stomach and start to take your pick! ✌😉", May 2015
27,5.0,Perfect place for youngster :D,"I spent 2 weeks of my winter holiday staying at Sky Gositel located in this area. The guesthouse price is very very cheap, and the area is full of campus student from 2 nearby university. There are a lot of place to hangout, especially at night. :P. Definitely will stay in this area again for my next visit", January 2016
28,4.0,Another shopping area in Seoul,"There are a lot of shops selling clothing, accessories and cosmetics in Sinchon.  The targeted group would be for the young people but visitors can also shop for goods with reasonable price at Sinchon.", January 2016
29,4.0,College girls celebrate,"As a young college students, this is where i like to go for shopping and strolling along the city street. Super good places to eat and grab soccer. Hongdae is 2 subways stops near by.", December 2015
30,4.0,Foodies haven,Lots of good restaurants here with cheap but mouthwatering food! you should come with an empty stomach and a full wallet!, December 2015
31,5.0,Place of sightseeing!,"I like the cafe on the corner of exit 1 , and the shop around this area are quite good, lots of cafe and shops", January 2015
32,4.0,Beautiful Yongsei University Campus,"Said to be one of the most beautiful university campuses in Seoul, the reality is even more beautiful. Set against the fall foliage, the University grounds were alit in orange, brown, red colours. The campus is large and has many buildings. If you are tired of shopping in Seoul, this is the perfect place to soak up some fresh air and clear your mind. It is just a 10-min walk from Sinchon subway station.", November 2015
33,4.0,"My fave place! For those who like the nightlife, accessibility and shopping!","Whenever we are in Korea, the husband and I make it a point to stay here. There are eateries open till late, and this is the mid-point between Hongdae and Edae which are easily accesible by walking. If you look close enough, there is good food to be found at student prices! A good mix of fast food, restaurants, street food and cafes. Some cafes offer a 50% discount if you take-out your americano/espresso/other beverages. This place is brimming with stylish students due to it's strategic location near a few universities. There is a department store at the main junction for those who prefer their branded goods, and also some established retail brands in the vicinity. I love that this place opens till late, so it's easy to grab a bite on the way back to your accomodation, regardless of the time. Sinchon Station serves the green line, and close by is the Sogang Univ Station that's the Gyeongui Line as well. Area is accessible by many buses, and has a stop for the airport limo as well. I find that I always have something new to discover whenever I visit this area.", April 2015
34,5.0,Better Food Choices Than Myeongdong,I stayed in a guesthouse around this place and I find it to be a fun place to be at.  It can get a little loud because of the hundreds of restaurants and bars surrounding our guesthouse but you will never get bored. U-Plex Mall is only a stone throw away and hundreds of restaurants to choose from.  I had better meals here than in Myeongdong. Close to buses and subway too., September 2015
35,4.0,Different from Myeongdong,"Chanced upon this place when trying to located a BBQ restaurant. It's a more pleasant place to shop and rest your soul with plenty of restaurant to choose from. As it's near Ehwa University, prices are pretty much the same you get from Gangnam area and Myeongdong", August 2015
36,4.0,very busy area,"actually, i visited this area last year. i also stayed in guest house at this area. very busy area, you won't get bored because you'll find many street food stalls, cafes and restaurants. there are also fashion boutique for youth people and many famous Korean cosmetic shops. this area actually is near Ehwa Women University. take a walk around 15 minutes, you can reach Ehwa area.", August 2014
37,3.0,Meh,, January 2015
38,4.0,great place for youngsters !,, February 2015
39,5.0,Cheap and convenient,Easy and convenient to travel anywhere in Seoul by subway/bus/taxi. It is also a walking distance to Hongdae if you don't want to take the subway. They also have one of the cheapest guesthouses!, September 2014
40,4.0,Lively atmosphere.,"Sinchon is one of the most lively district in Seoul, lots of universities, restaurants, pubs and cafes, a very youthful atmosphere. Accessible thanks to the large network of underground trains. If you plan to spend the night here I suggest you to go somewhere..there is not much.", April 2014
41,4.0,Great walking street,"Sinchon is an area in Seoul that is the home to a number of colleges and universities, notably Ewha Woman's University and Yonsei University and a number of smaller ones.  The best area you might like to explore is a pedestrian street that is lined with shops, bars, restaurants and coffee shops and cafes.  You can visit here for a good walk, some shopping and a bite to eat.  Take the metro Green line 2 to the Sinchon station.  Take exit 3 and walk forward.  You will be amongst many young university students.  You will find many shops, many small places with some interesting items.  Also many restaurants, bars, coffee shops and every possible eating place you can imagine.  Walking forward the pedestrian walk turns right at the square that has a stage and sitting area.  Continue walking up one side and then you can walk back the opposite side.  There is a great Italian restaurant called Crevasse.  See my review for directions.  This is a fun few hours walking, eating and shopping.  The streets and sidewalks are bricked and comfortable to walk.  I visited during the day, but enjoyed it enough to visit again next time at night, which I am sure will be much more active.", June 2014
42,3.0,Sinchon Area,"Sinchon is a good, not great  area for nightlife but not much else although its convenient to walk to the university area or other areas you maybe interested in. Having lived in S. Korea for 4+ years, I have spent many a night in Sinchon.", April 2014
43,4.0,Good location,"Pretty good location, has many hotels and University type food joints. Everything is closed after 2 a.m.", April 2014
44,4.0,Many cheap food and shopping places,This area is near the universities making everything cheap. There are also all you can eat korean bbq places for only 8500 won. This place is also for the young and hip. This place is also very accessible by train., February 2014
45,5.0,So Convenient,"We lived here in Sinchon for 10 days and went out everyday and every night. Everything is so close to this location, including shopping centres, cheap and expensive. There are food outlets and restaurants dotted everywhere in large streets and backstreets. There is entertainment all around the place such as bars, clubs, PC bars, table tennis hire, pool and billiards, coffee everywhere. Transportation is also very convenient with Sinchon subway and several buses on either side of the suburb/area/district.", December 2013
46,4.0,Great place,Suitable for the young and hip. Less touristy compared to places like myeongdong and dongdaemun. Great for budget shopping. Enjoy the inexpensive food around too., October 2013
47,4.0,Beautiful Ehwa University and lots of shopping @ Sinchon,, November 2013
48,4.0,Good shopping day & manicures,, April 2013
49,4.0,Wonderful place,"Great for party, shopping and dining - it may not be the most cultural part of seoul but a wonderful place indeed that most people would love", October 2012
50,4.0,Pretty cheap stuff!,"They do have stuff selling at cheap prices. Like knitted tops for 10,000 of good quality and bags for 10,000. It is indeed a good place to get cheaper items. You'll see many students as well, I recognised them by their looks since school is out for them now, and just experience the street buzz in the evening.", December 2012
51,4.0,Woman's street,This place sells little things that girls love. Price is reasonable and there are cafes around. Hang out with friends here is a good idea., October 2012
52,5.0,Heaven for women,"Since it is located near to Ewha university, most store you can find is cosmetic store, you want to splurge on Korean well known make up and skin product? This is the place for you, purchase few amounts of your won on the products, you'll get free samples, not only 5 but LOTS, even cosmetic pouch, merchandise of the endorsed kpop idol/celebrity, you won't be sorry.", September 2011
53,4.0,perfect for girl shopping dates,, May 2012
54,1.0,I don't like this place.,Sometimes I have pain in my mind and body when I'm in the place where there are so many people. and That street of city is not clean. So I don't like that place. One point I like is that place has young people's wave., March 2012
