,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Easy peasy and oh so quiet ,"The good thing about SRT is that they are always on time, in the off chance they aren’t the platform has digital readout a that let you know how far behind. The biggest delay I’ve ever seen is 3 minutes. The cars are clean and offer overhead storage for bags. It was so", September 2019
1,5.0,Want to see South Korea with no fuss,We have just returned from 2 weeks in South Korea. The Trains are amazing we made several trips from Seoul and Busan to other cities which were basically day trips. The Trains are clean roomy and run on time ! We travelled second class which was fine. Being able to reserve a, July 2019
2,5.0,High speed,"Took the train from Seoul, Suseo to Busan. 2:15 hours! There is no way flight can ever compete! The ease and comfort is amazing! From city to city in two hours - wish er had that kind of High speed option back home. Awesome", April 2019
3,5.0,So FAAAAAST!!!!,Made a recent trip to Busan and it only took a couple of hours!  Really comfortable seating and a real quiet ride.  Great price for the trip., November 2018
4,5.0,Easy peasy,"We just got onto the SRT with no prepurchasing of tickets for 6 pax. We departed Busan for Daegu. Tickets were 15 600 won for adults bought at the ticket counter of the train station (not the subway, leave the subway and go up the stairs. The train station is the huge structure", December 2018
5,4.0,Confortable,I had a long trip from North to deep South. Ticket is not cheap but you can enjoy confortable seats and wifi on board. If I want really find something wrong is there is no restaurant or bar for fresh cofee.., December 2018
6,1.0,Three hour rolling delay. Third world bathrooms.,"We booked a trip from Busan to Suseo on the SRT. About halfway through the trip, the train stopped due to a power outage. “Ten minutes” the conductor said. They continued to promise “ten minutes” for over three hours.  Meanwhile, the tanks in the bathrooms filled up. Sinks", November 2018
7,5.0,It's great! ,"1st time visiting South Korea, first time using SRT train to Busan from Seoul (and vice versa) Only Koreans can purchase tickets online as per what I read. Unless you have a Korean friend to help, if not, just buy at the departing station (eg. Purchase ticket to Busan at Suseo", November 2018
8,4.0,As usual - Korea and speed trains - a winning combination,Also there is some competition now when you go for exemple to Busan - the SRT is still a safe and convenient bet, October 2018
9,4.0,Fast and Comfortable,"I used SRT for Gwangjusongjeong to Suseo. I used to use KTX rather than SRT before. But now, I can guarantee that srt is better than KTX. It is faster, cheaper, and more comfortable. My best was electrical outlet and free wifi.", July 2018
10,5.0,Busan to Suseo Station,I had a lot of questions between KTX and SRT before I went so I did some research everywhere.  It turns out that I cannot purchase the tickets online as they don’t have an English page yet. We bought it as we arrived at Busan station. It’s the same station where the KTX train, May 2018
11,5.0,Great Prices and Great Experience!,"My friend and I took the SRT from Busan to Seoul while we were in Korea. We got first class seats cheaper on the SRT than on the KTX (economy). The seats were big and comfy, they had plenty of storage for our luggage (Two american girls who were in Korea for three weeks and", August 2017
12,5.0,Travel for the Olympics,"Just had 1 day and took the train from Main Station out to the Olympic Park, about 2 hours. Great value for the service, there are 1st class cars available. You get a snack and bottle of water, extra cushy seats adn more leg room. I was suprised no QR code check to get to the", February 2018
13,5.0,Excellent choice,We travelled from Seoul to Busan.  Excellent train. Clean and modern with comfortable seats even in standard class. Advisable to book as can get crowded. No checking of tickets during the entire journey. This is a different service to the KTX. Both end up in Busan but the SRT, September 2017
14,4.0,A more convenient way to go between Busan & Seoul,"This indeed will lead one to the Gangnam area in Seoul directly. Thus one will not have to face the heavy traffic directly. However, some improvements I think will make the experience a better one:  (1) such as the air circulation in the train is not adequate, which means the", June 2017
15,5.0,Great trip and very convenient ,"This train ride takes about two hours between Seoul and Busan, substituting for about a four hour drive or very inconvenient plane trip. The 190 mph train is very smooth and it's easier to do work here than on a plane....by far.", May 2017
16,5.0,KTX,"I have used to KTX from Seoul to Busan a couple times. Fare is around 50,000 one way. Is fast, clean and convenient. Now the SRT from Suseo makes it even more convenient cause it gets to Pyeongtaek and even Mokpo on the southwest part of the country.", February 2017
