,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Library inside the mall,There is a beautiful and instagrammable library inside the mall. They also provide prayers room for Muslim tourists so no need to worry if you want to do some shopping here., October 2019
1,5.0,Kept stopping by often!,One of my fav places in Gangnam! Be it for some time off to relax in the book heaven or the back to back movies i did with my friend! And the dinners n cafes when there! And ha window shopping too!, December 2019
2,5.0,New Year's Eve at Starfield,It was one of the coldest but most memorable new year's eve countdown parties I ever experienced! The food stalls were up as early as noon and people started coming in early. There were plenty of security personnel around so it felt safe and was not hard to move around. The mall, January 2020
3,2.0,Beautiful Outside - Average Inside.,"I agree with most that the architectural display out side the Starfield COEX Mall is impressive to say the least. But inside? That's another story. Low ceilings, very dole and depressive. We felt as encased for a lack of better words.  It does not represent inside the", January 2020
4,4.0,Holiday,"Chance upon the stacks of books at an underground mall. It was beautiful. Apparently, you can get a book to read or just simply sit around the area. Nice place to visit.", December 2019
5,3.0,It’s a mall 🤷🏻‍♂️,It’s you’re average mall. The library area was kind of cool.. until you realize that many of the “books” are fake and attached to the shelves. Was even more of a bummer when I saw that the “fake” books had duplicates all over the shelves.. They couldn’t even get unique fake, January 2020
6,4.0,Underground mall in Gangnam-gu,"There are many shops, restaurants and so on. It's good to visit during lunchtime if you work nearby. Starfield Library is a free public library. Nice place to chill. Locating in a business area, I think it's not specifically designed to attract foreign tourists. But, we have", January 2020
7,4.0,Myriad of choices of show within the mall,The highlight is off course the multi story public library .  But there are also variety of stores and restaurants., January 2020
8,3.0,Just ok,"I was expecting this mall to be bigger for shopping but it's not that big. I didn't visit the aquarium but I did to to the library which was unique and impressive. The shops weren't anything I haven't seen before in Seoul either. The food trucks at the front had long queues,", December 2019
9,4.0,Worth a Visit!,"This is the largest underground shopping mall in Asia and it does not disappoint.  Of all the shopping malls that I’ve been to in Seoul, this one most resembles those in the States.  If shopping weren’t enough, there is a cinema and conference area.  One of the most unique parts", November 2019
10,5.0,A huge Mall to indulge,My fiance and I were checked in at Intercontinental Grand Parnas and this mall was very convenient for us. From dining to shopping and even visiting the COEX Aquarium. I love being here although prices in stores are quite expensive.   Tourists like me would find this, December 2019
11,4.0,There are alot of things to do in the area for various type of mall goers,There are plenty of food options for foodies.  There is a big library for instagrammies There is atas shopping ( Luxury Shopping) for richies. There are budget friendly stores. There is an aquarium for children too, December 2019
12,3.0,Not bad,"Very wide. Complex structure. But attractive place. There are many restaurants, too. I really liked the library. I think You don't have to visit. But it's not bad", December 2019
13,5.0,Starfield COEX Mall,Plan to spend the entire day (at least) if you want to see the whole place.  Lots of variety in stores and restaurants.  A bit overwhelming and a challenge to navigate due to it's sheer size., December 2019
14,4.0,Modern attractions and a nice temple nearby,"COEX is a big shopping mall and convention center. Famed for being in the Gangnam district made famous by the you-know-what song. COEX isn't the only place to visit and you can visit several attractions like the art hall, SM Town, fountain plaza, duty-free mall, casino,", August 2019
15,4.0,One of the best malls in Seoul,"Starfield at COEX is one of the best malls in Seoul, quite large, lots of choice of shops and restaurants. It is one of two co-joined malls, also with two hotels, movie theater and much more. One can easily spend half a day there. So large that it is at times easy to get lost", April 2019
16,4.0,Instagrammable,"The huge, pile of books but arrange neatly on the second floor which can be seen from the ground floor makes the mall stunning, and instagrammable foto opts!", December 2019
17,5.0,A great shopping mall.,Starfield Coex is a great shopping mall with lots of variety. All available brands are here. Lots of fine restaurants with a food court is also available here., October 2019
18,5.0,Library makes venue a must-visit,"Must the the most tourists-visited library in the world.  A must-see, surely. Not large but the design is unique and visitor friendly.  Rest of mall is quite standard with usual shops.  There is an aquarium too.", November 2019
19,4.0,Beautiful Mall with an  impressive LibraryWe visited Starfield Coex Mall on a Sunday noon in September 2019 .Upon ste,"We visited Starfield Coex Mall on a Sunday noon in September 2019 . Upon stepping into the mall, we were so so impressed by the huge library which is located right in the centre of the mall. There is a mammoth collection of local and foreign books and magazines and the tall huge", November 2019
20,4.0,Fun place to shop with friends and family,"Lots of shops, restaurants and art to see. Easy to get to from train and genuinely just a good time with friends and family. ", September 2019
21,5.0,Special feature:library,"It is not just a Mall and a big shopping center with a huge food court but it also features an architecturally interesting library. With Free entrance, people could just walk in and read books which were just line up on the shelves. There were chairs and tables around the place.", November 2019
22,5.0,World Mall,"This is a world class place with convention center, shops, aquarium, numerous restaurants and an airport check in for many airlines. You can spend hours here. ", October 2019
23,5.0,SM Ent & Starfield library,"if you are a kpop fans especially SM stan this place is a must list to visit because SM COEX ATRIUM will give u an experience to get close to your idol, inside SM there's museum, photobooth, merch shop, cafe or even auditorium.  and Coex Mall is really nice to look around also", July 2019
24,4.0,"Connected, lots of choices and family friendly","The mall is great. Modern, lots of good shops and restaurants. Well connected to the metro and bus stop. The library in the center of the mall is a great place for pictures. There is an aquarium attraction which is great. It is also connected to the Hyudai Department Store,", September 2019
25,5.0,Coex and the amazing library Starfield inside,"Starfield Library is something very special! Thousand of volumes, magazines from all over the world, even magazines for interior designers, gardens, e.tc, from France and Italy, are all in the disposal of the citizens without any discriminations. It is worth it to pay a visit.", August 2019
26,4.0,Nice mall with beautiful library ,Love this mall as it has nice shops with international and Korean brand.  Very crowded on weekend and the beautiful library is also the main attraction. The Hyundai hall is a good place to start to hunt for food. You can easily spend your day here. , August 2019
27,5.0,GIANT LIBRARY!!!,The mall is very huge. The good thing is. I came when Korea Great Sale was happend. and i was really amazed by the giant library!!!!, February 2019
28,4.0,Huge Mall,"We stayed at the Intercontinental COEX which is connected to the COEX mall. Very convenient. The mall is huge and you can find all the usual shops such as H&M, Zara, Uniqlo,....lots of food choices as well. Great food hall where you can get great deals after 7 pm. Definitely a", August 2019
29,4.0,Nice mall,This is more upmarket mall next to SM town and Starfield library. It has lots of different shops - great place to hide away from The summer heat.  It also has restaurants serving different food with a cinema , August 2019
30,5.0,"COEX Mall, everything is here","The best place to meet colleagues in Seoul is COEX Mall, everything is here. We ate in a great restaurant, beauty products were all on sale here, kids had a wonderful time playing, and the big plus is the huge library with books everywhere. I wonder if they had English books", May 2019
31,3.0,Western mall in Asia,"Coex mall is pretty much Korea's version of the mall in the states. Not just western designer such as Zara and H&M, but the layout is not your typical Korean style mall. Building is long instead of tall. I do recommend to come here at least once for the amazing library design.", April 2019
32,5.0,"We stayed here at one of the hotels, which was a great location!","Staying at a hotel at COEX was great- we had lots of food choices, and several things to do on our doorstep.  The COEX library was beautiful by day and night, we bought souvenirs at the aquarium, and even saw K-Pop stars that did an autograph session at the mall one evening. ", July 2019
33,4.0,"COEX Mall, Seoul",COEX Mall seems to be the largest mall in S Korea. It has got everything from what I see  ..... from clothing and accessories stores carrying domestic/international/designer brands .... I like shopping in  Aland. Lots of restaurants and cafes inside this mall so whenever you're, July 2019
34,5.0,Nice fast train,Took the KTX train Seoul to Busan. The train ride was fast but only on few occasions did we touch the 298 km/h mark. But it was nice and thrilling enough , July 2019
35,4.0,Fantastic public library in the middle of the mall where you can read any books of your choice,"Excellent place for many quality stores for clothing, traditional Korean goods, dining, occasional small concerts, art shows, etc. Starfield public library in the center of the mall is a must place to visit.", November 2018
36,4.0,"Huge mall with everything, easy to go Incheon Airport","This shopping mall is huge with a lot of shops, department store, aquarium, duty free, casino, subway station, library, etc. The best is you can check in here for your flight.  Stay near this mall if you need a convenience place for shopping.", April 2019
37,4.0,Loaded Mall,"While the daughters were touring the SM COEXartium to get their fill of SM kpop, we enjoyed wandering through this upscale mall.  Both Korean and International stores were located in this large, modern mall.  Food options were plentiful and many looked trendy and inviting.  A", June 2019
38,4.0,Great for Spontaneous Shopping and Eating Out,"Really good underground mall with numerous shops and eating joints. The shops are mainly of democratic brands like Armani Exchange, Zara, etc. Lotte Duty Free is also there as well as an interesting bookshop and Kakao Friends store. The complex also encompasses an aquarium, a", June 2019
39,4.0,"Go for the library, some stores are fun too","It is huge and it is very very easy to get lost. So honestly check out the library and then some local stores, because otherwise it is a large mall with a pretty good food court.", June 2019
40,5.0,The library area was amazing,"Not all libraries are quiet spaces. In this area there are huge walls of books right in the center of the mall. It makes for a perfect picture opportunity but also an opportunity to read books, socialize, or relax. Attached to the mall are many shops and restaurants and at the", June 2019
41,4.0,Huge underground complex,"The world's largest underground mall contains numerous retailers, as well as the huge Starfield Library. However, if you want to come out into the light of day, be sure to cross the street to explore the Bongeun-sa Buddist temple and enjoy the unique Hyundai Development Company", June 2019
42,5.0,Library at Starfield COEX Mall,"Being tourists in Seoul, we went primarily to see and take photos of the huge library inside the Starfield COEX Mall. And, indeed it was huge, and photo-worthy. The mall is also accessible by subway train. And for these reasons, I give it 5 stars.", June 2019
43,4.0,If you Like Shopping ,"Then this is the place to go. Loads of nice shops, plenty of places to eat and drink plus all kinds of attractions including a library and an aquarium!", May 2019
44,5.0,Great way to spend a rainy Sunday ,"Lots more to do than a typical mall, including a movie theatre, aquarium, library, and every type of food you can imagine.", May 2019
45,5.0,I like the Coex Mall,"I normally frequent several of my favorite stores there.This mall has all of the stores I wanted all in one place.  Daiso, Pierro Shopping (competitors to Daiso), Butter store for specific items I want to buy which we don't have in the U.S. ", April 2019
46,3.0,Nice Place to People Watch,"The library was huge and very nice! But almost all the books are in Korean so unless you know Korean or bring your own book, it’s simply a place to sit, relax, and people watch. There are also cafes and an E-Mart inside the library.", April 2019
47,5.0,My Saturday Mall,"I walk here at least one Saturday each month, to shop at No Brands and The Hyundai stores, eat at one of the many restaurants,  pay my mobile bills at the SK.Premium store, watch a movie at Megabox, have a smoothie from Joe & the Juice and walk around for a while looking for", April 2019
48,4.0,Gangnam Style Sculpture,"COEX mall is an upmarket underground shopping mall. Having been to several shopping malls before in Asia and Europe, the place did not excite us. We did not spend a lot of time here. The main reason we come across this place is because of the Gangnam style sculpture which is", April 2019
49,3.0,Huge mall with plenty of walking space,"We came here to visit the library. A good mix of restaurants, fast food, food court, local and international brands. Love the Copenhagen flying tiger and Butter which offers creative and innovative home decor products. ", April 2019
50,5.0,Shop relaxed,Seoul is famous for its markets but you can have a more relaxed shopping experience in Coex. I'm not much into fashion but I can stay for HOURS in the home section in ALand. It's got a huge collection of items from Flying Tiger Copenhagen which I love because they're fun and, April 2019
51,4.0,Big mall with library ,"If you are into mall tours, this is the perfect place for you.  It also has a library and the Gangnam style statue outside the mall... Nearest subway Samseong station.", February 2019
52,4.0,Great Mall,"Located in the busiest territory of Gangnam district, this mall is huge and there is an enormous library/book store and an aquarium.", January 2019
53,4.0,Big Mall.. has pretty much everything!,We were staying near by and visited the mall frequently for shopping and dining. Great mall. Super clean. Lots to do and see. , November 2018
54,4.0,Beautiful library,"Went to this mall because I wanted to take photos at the library. There are lots of shops here - pharmacies that sell beauty products, my favourite store Aland, Innisfree, bookstore, cafes, aquarium etc.", January 2019
55,3.0,Big underground mall with lots of shops,The underground mall is a great place to go during the winter months. There are plenty of stores to browse. My favorite park is the public library inside!, December 2018
56,3.0,Lots of walking,"Given this mall is spread so wide, it will take much walking to cover the grounds. You will find all your known brands inside. They even have an aquarium but will need entrance fees @ 28k won to enter. Lots of restaurants and cafes as well.", December 2018
57,5.0,Perfect Modern Mall,So if your in Seoul and in the Gangnam gu area this is a mall you should visit. These are my reasons: 1. The mall has very different and unique shops available  2. Neva seen a Library inside a mall and it's so huge and the you won't be disturbed by the sound of the shoppers, November 2018
58,4.0,Great place to relax,If you are in Seoul definitely come by COEX and spend a day or afternoon. There are great restaurants with a variety of international cuisines which is great if you need a break from Korean food. It is a nice place to shop and browse for gifts as well. Make sure to check out the, December 2018
59,5.0,Huge!,"It is really the largest underground mall in Asia!! Despite being so large, signage are well placed & very clean mall.", November 2018
60,5.0,Everything,This place carries a cheap dollar store as well as foreign and Korean brands. It has an area to get souvenirs. Picked up some great Korean shoes and clothes. I feel the prices are very comparable to the States but way better quality. The library is great to see. , October 2018
61,5.0,The prettiest library,"The prettiest library I’ve ever seen! This library located in the middle of the COEX mall. The library is lovely and in a quiet environment, very modern design! ", August 2018
62,4.0,Whole block underground mall,"Under the building at Coex area, Intercontinental hotel, CALT, Hyundai department store, etc.  There is a very big shopping mall that you can find almost everything, also with (small) duty free shop  This mall you can walk trough any building around, in winter, it's good to keep", November 2018
63,4.0,Huge underground shopping mall,"The mall can be reached via 2 subway stations, Samseong and Bongeunsa. Can walk straight via underground into the mall. With many retail shops, F&B and SM Town (a 6 floors k-pop museum), one can spend hours in here. Special mention to the brilliant library which is a must visit.", November 2018
64,5.0,I Love Coex Mall,"We have limited time visiting Korea but we made sure to visit Coex. We visited Coex near closing time so we went straight to the library.  I love the library, it is a good place just to rest and read. I can spend my entire day here.  I will surely go back here.", October 2018
65,5.0,A must see!,A great place to eat and shop.  We stayed at a hotel connected to the COEX which made it very convenient/an adventure when we looked for different restaurants for our meals.  They have a really interesting library in the middle of the COEX., November 2017
66,4.0,Good place to shop,Big underground shopping mall with lots of things to do.  A lot of restaurants to choose from.  There’s also a food court which we tried out.  The highlight was the library.  A must see! , October 2018
67,4.0,"Huge mall, amazing library","Coex is very huge mall with lots of shops, restaurants and entertainment places like cinema, aquarium etc. However the best thing about this mall is the amazing libaray in the middle of the mall. If you tired after lots of walking at the mall, you can relax at the library even", July 2018
68,4.0,A really great shopping mall,"There's quite a lot to see here, full of shops and restaurants and even the beautiful Starfield Library. It's in a great area, close to many cafes and restaurants and even close to Bongeunsa Temple so to me, this is a must see mall and area.", September 2018
69,4.0,Beauty & the Beast Library!!,"If you have seen the movie Beauty and the Beast, you know the scene where the Beast takes the blindfolded Belle into his library and then, upon removing her blindfold, she looks up and all around and sees this library that stretches as far as the eye can see in all directions.", September 2018
70,4.0,come and take whatever you want!,A place with everything what you want!  And the most spectacular ‘Starfield Library’ 📚 is the highlight herer., October 2018
71,4.0,Dubai,"One of the best shopping malls  I really enjoyed it here , everything in one place and the ResturAnt's are good", October 2018
72,5.0,Amazing Mall!,The library made me dream. The most amazing place ever. I had never seen any library like it in all my travels. I had to visit this place three times because I couldn't get enough and it was worth it. The mall had many stores. You could shop to your heart content. There was also, August 2018
73,3.0,Not much to see,"It is a pricier shopping mall with mostly high-end stores. The library is interesting, which holds live bands, frequently.", September 2018
74,4.0,Great shopping more rather unwieldy to venture,We love going to COEX Mall and seeing it's ever-evolving range of clothing and food stores. The library is an amazing photo opportunity for the savy tourist. We found ourselves constantly walking in circles and getting confused direction simply because of the size of this place., September 2018
75,5.0,Visit,"Great Place to shopping. many products with many promo and disc also.  also the library, it's really cool ", August 2018
76,5.0,Size does matter,"Housing the largest underground mall in Asia, this place served as a great respite from the blistering 2018 summer heat. You will find plenty to do here - there is even a library! There are also plenty of familiar names for shopping. Having come here with the family, my wallet", August 2018
77,5.0,HUGE!,Huge and packed mall! There´s something for everyone. Also great for buying fun souvenirs or toys. Many coffe shops and restaurants. You can easily kill many many hours in here. Dont forget to visit the peaceful bongeunsa temple right next to the mall., August 2018
78,4.0,Watch out for lunch time,"Great things about this Mall  1. The library: beautiful 2. great collection of stores 3. has a aquarium, great for kids 4. easy to get to by subway(via line 2 green line)  However, you need to watch out for LUNCH TIME.  All the restaurants are packed with hungry lunch goers, you", July 2018
79,4.0,The library is amazing,Specifically visited here just to see the Library within this shopping mall!! It was wonderful to be surrounded by so many books and so many people reading!! The glass roof is a great addition for those studying below. I'd love to know how they reach the ones at the top!! , July 2018
80,4.0,Luxury shops,"The stores are really expensive, but you can find cheap stuff if you're determined. The food court is breathtaking, the variety is huge. There's even a supermarket part of the mall, with kind and helpful employees. The library speaks for itself.", June 2018
81,5.0,great mall,"The mall is underground, and very wide. The building that you saw, a part is SM TOWN, and others maybe offices or places for exhibition. Because when we went there, there was baby- something -exhibition. Inside the mall there are cinema to watch movies. But, since we thought the", February 2018
82,4.0,Large and efficient convention centre,"This huge convention centre can host several conferences in parallel. It is so large, that one can easily get lost (also due to limited availability of indications inside).", July 2018
83,4.0,Worth seeing,It’s a huge underground mall with many stores selling so many things and some restaurants. Worth seeing if you’re in Seoul. We did not go to the aquarium or cinema so cannot comment on those. A typhoon was expected the day we went so it was wet which may have accounted for the, July 2018
84,4.0,Pretty library,"The awesome library allows you to take dozens of fantastic photos and make sure you are able to stand out among instagram, ", June 2018
85,3.0,Nice library ,"Worth a visit just to see the library. If you are staying in one of the nearby hotels, it's a good place to walk around in the evening. ", July 2018
86,4.0,Came here for Starfield Library ,"Specially traveled here to visit the library. Not very huge, but definitely worth taking some nice pictures. Also dropped by the SM museum and aquarium since I was already there. Had a quick lunch at the basement CJ foodcourt. Limited options and food was alright. ", June 2018
87,4.0,Popular,With the locals even on a weekday. Not sure if it’s the season but most of the Brand are on sale. There’s a good mixed of local and foreign Brand. Good place if you’re looking for fashion and cosmetics., June 2018
88,5.0,Shopping Haven,Awesome place to visit.Many shops and nice food. Always has something going on. Great atmosphere to walk around or relax., September 2017
89,3.0,Great shopping mall experience,"This shopping mall is easy to get to via subway, and offers a comfortable shopping experience with international clothing brands and a few trendy korean brands. If you are looking for a lower price range of clothes or unique korean designer clothes, this mall is not recommended.", June 2018
90,4.0,Mall with coex aquarium and SM Town,We were looking for the coex aquarium and found out that this is where it is.  I dont see any sale except this is where the cheapest fon covers can be bought and i regretted not buying.  And also the receptionist can speak english well so when you’re lost try asking.  This also, June 2018
91,4.0,Huge shopping mall,"You can find everything you need here; foods, stuffs you'd like to buy or cinema. Also museum of K pop stars. ;-)", June 2017
92,3.0,Its just a mall ,"Its really nothing special, and just a mall! The library in the middle is really lovely, but not worth a special visit. There are lots of places to eat, and western food available, but very busy due to lots of offices nearby.  There is an aquarium inside, but lotte mall also has", May 2018
93,4.0,Go to Mall,"This is stunning mall, the big dashing design libraries and equipped with high brand clothes and food, there also kimchi museum, my planned to korea 2nd time is not to explore mall but my “new” friend tag me along to her ittn so i was amazed with this huge mall. ", August 2017
94,4.0,Lotte DFS Shopping,"Dropped by the Lotte DFS COEX for a quick Prada shopping. was able to get a 10% discount using the Lotte VIP gold card. you can apply for it at the entrance as long as you have a VISA signature card. As Prada is not a local bramd, you can only collect it at Indheon Airport on", March 2018
95,5.0,Visit this  Shopping Mall,Visit this shopping mall that has different shopping experience as also several well known Korean and international fashion  brands and home style shops .There are several restaurants and cafes in the mall not to forget a magnificent public library in the heart of the mall.It, March 2018
96,3.0,Beautiful library,"This mall has an amazing core library and that’s all, it has the same shops than any other mall, and for instance uniqlo has fewer clothes or Kakao friends shop is smaller than others. So if you are going to stay a couple of days in Seoul it doesn’t worth a visit ", February 2018
97,5.0,"unique mall, not only for shoppers but also for the ones who love reading books","it's a must visit shopping mall, we can find something different from any others, when shopping mall and a library as one. very instagramable, take picture right at the library or the mega popcorn at the mega box cinema, I bet you won't regret it.", January 2018
98,4.0,"Huge Mall, a winter escape","A great place to get out of the cold in the winter.  It can challenging to get here from the city center in a taxi (especially when it is snowed and rush hour), so the metro may be best way to get there.  Lots of food options and shopping.  The library was very cool. ", January 2018
99,5.0,Amazing Indoor Place,"This mall is the most interesting place, if you are planning to visit Korea in freezing day or scorcher. Simply said, this place provide everything in a just an area, shopping, sightseeing, theatre, eating, hotel, and even aquarium. it's really huge so please beware of using", August 2017
100,5.0,Asia’s largest underground shopping mall,"It’s a nice big mall with lots of shopping, food courts and a n aquarium too. Many international & local brands can be seen,.  Outside the mall there are many food stands with long queues", December 2017
101,4.0,Large mall with lots of varieties of food,"Large mall with lots of food types. Connected to samseong coex station & can be easily covered. Lots of shopping, spacious & Asian, Thai, Korean foods are available.", January 2017
102,4.0,A Mall for Kpop lovers,"If you are an ardent Kpop fan, this is one mall you wouldn’t miss going to. An entire section is devoted to promoting the Kpop stars and their merchandise. There is even a cafe there. For the rest of the mall, there is a huge library with floor to ceiling bookshelves that can", December 2017
103,3.0,"Large, busy, easy to reach, not very dpecial","Covering the underground of a huge block (under COEX, hotels, office buildings), there is a large number of mainstream shops, several food/restaurant courts, a two-storey library - except for the restaurants and the shoppers you don’t get a specific Korea feeling here. Prices", December 2017
104,3.0,Big mall with a cool library,"We only visited here for the Brick Live Lego shop. During our short visit, it seems the mall has events at their exhibition halls.   In addition to restaurants, there were McD and other fast food joints. Mall is connected to the Seoul metro.", October 2017
105,3.0,Mall got a pharmacy and doctor office!,Family and I came to this mall for shopping on the recent vacation. A member of the family got  stomach issues from bad food for several days. Finally could not wait any longer so we stopped by a doctor office for medical attention. All we paid was about $20 for doctor visit(in, June 2017
106,4.0,huge mall,"huge mall with plenty of things to do (cinema, aquarium, library, shopping, cafe, restaurant).  shopping wise is not the go to place. But intersting library design worth the visit.", December 2017
107,3.0,Great Library but don't go out of your way to go here,The library was amazing! But to be honest I was pretty disappointed by the shopping. We went out of our way to go here after reading so many reviews but didn't find anything special or exceptional shopping wise. Anything you can find here you can find and Lotte Department Store, December 2017
108,5.0,Amazing Mall in Seoul,"Starfield COEX is a vibrant underground mall which offers visitors an amazing diversity of experiences. There is a beautiful library which radiates an aura of serenity in the busy mall. Authentic cusine from Turkey, India, Thailand and range of Korean food and fusion food. The", December 2017
109,5.0,The coolest library ,"Coex is a huge mall in Gang nam, seems like it has everything including the coolest library. Can you imagine a library in a mall? Worth a visit to take photos!", October 2017
110,4.0,Wow huge and nice library,"The library is very impressive with nice design and many books. We took a lot of photos there. There are many people reading the books and having a cup of coffee. There are many shops, restaurants there also. It is nice to visit this place.", November 2017
111,3.0,Huge Library ,We went there to see the huge library. It was on the ground floor in the COEX mall. It was “MUST SEE” spot. There were many people who actually use books. I wished if I could have read Hangul. , November 2017
112,4.0,Nice,"Large mall, variety of shops and brands, with a great library. Different restaurants with halal options. ", September 2017
113,3.0,Large underground mall with lots of shops,Found an under 10$ store here and bought a lot of items.  It's an underground mall. Very large and easy to get lost. Has a fantastic library here and an aquarium , October 2017
114,1.0,Waste of time,This mall in  gangnam area and it far from my Hotel Lotte city.In my opinion this mall is waste of time nothing especial  and you can not compare it with lotte department store.It too expensive.This place is good for meeting not shopping.In fact this place was huge mall before, September 2017
115,4.0,Large underground shopping mall near gangnam gu,This mall is nearby to gangnam gu  area. Its a huge underground shopping complex which is a part of much bigger coex convention centre. The famous coex aquarium is situated within this mall. This mall has many entrance gates. It remains open till 10 pm  (some of the shops start, August 2017
116,5.0,"Great Mall,  Great Food","there are some great places to eat in here. one of the neatest book stores i have ever seen. we stayed near the mall, worth the visit if it is nearby.", June 2017
117,5.0,Fabulous Mall!,"After visiting SM Town, we visited the COEX mall next door and decided to grab lunch at one of the many restaurants located inside. The mall is massive: there are lots of stores and restaurants that we didn't have time to check out. What I liked about this mall was the", December 2016
118,4.0,BEST SHOPPING MALL IN SEOUL,"best place to shop in one location - much better than meong-deong or dongdemun. Has some most major stores, an aquarium and a massive library/attrium. Foods, shops, cinema. Massive area.", July 2017
119,2.0,Disappointing,"Yes, it is large, but the walking areas are very broad and the stores are big too, so there weren't as many shops as I expected. Overall I found it to be sterile and uninteresting. I had a much better shopping and people-watching experience at the Lotte World Tower and Mall", May 2017
120,3.0,Clean mall full of chain stores,"So, this is a mall, and it has lots of large retailers. There's an aquarium (separate listing) and a cinema, and it is across the street from a temple, and has its own metro stop, but it's not really worth a visit if you are coming from somewhere that has average large retail", June 2017
121,5.0,Huge and nice place.,"A different interior from the usual mall. I like that wherever you came from, there is an entrance/exit nearer for you. And finding a library in the center of the mall, with awesome placing of so many books, is so great.", June 2017
122,5.0,"Nice Mall with lots of eateries, stores, aquarium and theater.","This clean and well maintained mall is located right off of The Samsung Subway Station which makes it very convenient to get to. We went here to bring our 2 boys to the Coex Aquarium which is located at the other end of the mall.This mall has such stores as Zara, A-Land, NIke,", June 2017
123,4.0,Great variety,We went to the COEX mall mainly for the aquarium however the shopping and food outlets provided extra attraction. The mall is easy to get to and is very modern. The food court offers a good variety of Asian cuisine but many individual restaurants are available of different, June 2017
124,5.0,"Huge mall, lots of services","The beauty of this mall is the Information-- very good command of the English language. Helpful for travelers who are looking for things, or are lost.   It offers the usual things a mall offers: good affordable restaurants, clothings stores, bookstores (with English books), etc.", April 2017
125,3.0,Not the greatest mall I've been too,The mall is okay. Can be confusing. Was very tired afterwards. Couldn't do the aquarium as it didn't take our card and we didn't have enough Won on hand. Overall stores were experience compared to American stores but we new that going there. Restaurants were very diverse. Not, April 2017
126,4.0,Clean and well-managed shopping mall,"C1 ( 2017.04.13 )  I visited this shopping mall because I want to buy some books. There had many facilities like restaurant, shop, book store and theater, etc. Many brand shop and food court was operating, too. All was good with good atmosphere, but there was confused because of", April 2017
127,3.0,"Large, No anchor stores, need 10,000 steps?","Coex is a great place to get your 10,000 steps in for the day.  Shopping is uninspiring.  No anchor stores.  There is no organization to the placement of the stores.  I would go there only if I've exhausted all the shopping options in Seoul.", March 2017
128,2.0,Didn't like it much! 😕,Ok I wouldn't call it the hidden gem of Seoul . The shops are expensive and I wouldn't have even visited the place if it weren't for a meeting near by. The duty free Lotte mall attached to it demands not only your passport but the return e tickets before letting you buy, March 2017
129,4.0,HUUUUUGE mall with an Aquarium and lots of restaurants,"I am not huge fan of malls, but I had to go check out the COEX Mall. It is really big and you can easily spend a whole day there. There are several options for restaurants - western food too. Between the COEX Mall and the Samseong station is a big hands monument in honor to", February 2017
130,2.0,Large but boring,"A large mall between the 2 intercontinental hotels, and linked to the CALT airport bus station  Middle tier and quite boring. Some global brands like Zara, little known ones like dyptique, and many local brands  Quite difficult to find good food also", March 2017
131,4.0,Big mall,Located at gangnam district. Very big mall has an aquarium on the bottom floor and many shops if u like shopping it's heaven., July 2016
132,4.0,"EXTREMELY huge mall, so many things to do including an aquarium!","On one of the days we had in Seoul, my boyfriend and I decided to check out the CoEX mall because we saw cool pictures of it in a brochure. Of course, it is a very touristy spot that can get crowded at times with tourists, haha, but we spent more than 5 hours there! It's so big", August 2016
133,4.0,Back to COEX in almost 15 years,"My first time to Seoul was in 2003 and one of the so called tourist spots was COEX. Haven't been back to Coex for almost 15 years since my last visit (even I have been to Seoul many times after 2003). Good to see that Coex has changed to a better outlook, it seems so new to me.", February 2017
134,4.0,Largest underground mall in Korea,"Everything on one level all underground, it will keep you from turning in an icicle when the weather outside is unbearable.  Big Åland store here if that's your thang.", January 2017
135,4.0,"Nice mall, but, quite large","We went to Coex 2 evenings in October 2016.  One night we we to check it out and for dinner options.  There are so many restaurants.  It was a 7 minute ride from seongsu station here.  The mall is  2 levels, but there is a mini level by the aquarium hidden in a corner with", October 2016
136,5.0,If you like shopping and food then it's heaven ,"I am not a fun of shopping but the size of the mall is overwhelming. Located in center of gangham style,  it provides a lot of things to do.  Has an aquarium on the bottom floor and many famous brands to shop from.  It is pretty pricey but it is expected considering its location", December 2016
137,3.0,Extremely large mall ,"It is a large shopping mall.  Suggest you check out the flow of the traffic and understand reach one end to the other.  There is an acquarium, cinema, amusement park, supermarket and lots of coffee chains.   Definitely a nice place to spent a cold winter or extremely hot summer.", December 2016
138,3.0,Too big and too easy to get lost,"Sure there's a lot to do, and there are plenty of places to shop. There are festivals and clothing stores and restaurants and an aquarium and movies and and and. It just goes on and on. It's hard to find your way around with the curving non 89 degree angle turns. THere are info", December 2016
139,4.0,One Stop Shopping,"This mall is so big even our taxi driver got confused trying to drop us off!  The layout is daunting at first, but just keep walking and you'll be pleasantly surprised at the flow of the massive space.  We found a healthy variety of common western brands and unique local ones,", December 2016
140,5.0,Huge mall with SO much to do!,"It's busy, expensive, and has everything you might ever want at a considerably higher price than you'd likely find in pretty much any other country in Asia, but if you have that European or American ""itch you can't scratch"" this is the place for you. They also have lots of great", November 2016
141,5.0,My favourite in Seoul,This mall has it all:  - Affordable brands on clothing. - Duty-Free on cosmetics. - Lots of choices for food. - Entertainment for all ages. - Subway stations just below. - Several hotels., May 2016
142,3.0,Numerous Brands,"Its a Huge mall in Gangnam district, mostly high end items available. Can spend a whole day shopping here, many coffee and pastry shops.", September 2016
143,5.0,Huge mall,"This mall probably has everything you need from home goods to little cute things that you can find in Korea. They are currently in process of constructions and more stores to come in. It's a great place to hang out, shop and eat. ", November 2016
144,5.0,Gigantic mall,"A giant mall in the Gangnam district with something for everyone. Ranging from local products to high end products, a cinema and an aquarium. Coffee shops everywhere and a huge variety of places to eat. Information desks spread everywhere with helpful staff that speak many", May 2016
145,3.0,huge but easy to navigate,one big long mall!  lots of redundancy of vendors.  huge. fun.  easy to navigate.  connects two hotels.  nice oasis., May 2016
146,3.0,big but confusing layout,"visited here since it's one of the biggest malls in korea. wasn't really too impressed by the shopping. but if you're an SM fan, there's an SM Coex Artium area which has a shop (usually packed with fans) and all sorts of other things to do. Also there's a city airport on level 1", November 2016
147,5.0,Overwhelmingly huge!,"This is a gigantic mall. You can find all the big name Korean brands as well as American and European brands as well. Super fun to go with the family, so many the escalators, the kids should enjoy it. Plenty of food and resting areas as well.", October 2016
148,5.0,Review,excellent venue for conference. really enjoy it and would like to come again in the future for any upcoming events there excellent place !!, October 2016
149,4.0,Too big mall ,"It's the biggest underground shopping mall in Asia in the coex building. One of greatest aquariums connected to the coax mall, exhibition, convention center, intercontinental hotel, casino & movie theater etc. Line2, exit8 of seolleung station.", October 2016
150,5.0,Coex mall ,We took Gangnam station line 2 to reach coex mall. It takes around 7 minutes. The mall is too big and quite. Many restaurants are there and you can find Halal too. Many famous brand you will find with Korean brand., October 2016
151,5.0,Very posh and high end but really beautiful!,It's a really huge mall. It's so easy to get lost inside it. But everything you need is here. From Korean and international clothes and cosmetics to food and services. This mall is in the same building as the exhibition halls so it's really convenient if you have an event to, October 2016
152,5.0,Such a big mall,"This Coex Mall is very big to explore, they even have aquariums and place for exhibitions. Coex Mall is a high end mall located in Gangnam area. Not so much to talk about this mall, other than those special features, this is just like a normal mall with expensive things. Try to", May 2016
153,4.0,Wonderful,It is a very big mall you can't finish it at one visit.  Very unique shops there.  مجمع كبير جدا لا يمكن إنهائه في يوم واحد.  يوجد به العديد من المحلات الفريدة. , October 2016
154,4.0,My Seoul trip,"One of the interesting places to visit in Seoul is the COEX Mall.I would say don't miss it. The best way to get there from the city center, if you are taking the subway, is to take line 3(the orange line). Line 2(green line) will also take there, but line 3 takes less than 25", September 2016
155,4.0,Touristy,"One doesn't see how big Coex Mall is from street level.  A large part of the mall is underground and it is huge.  Thus, wear comfortable shoes.  Since this is Korea, the mall does have a lot of skin care, make-up and beauty stores.  Many of the shops in Myeongdong are also in", September 2016
156,4.0,Probably the Largest Mall in Seoul,"The Mall has all Kinds of Brands that is usually found in the Market, the Mall is very Spacious and Probably the Biggest in the City, it has an Adjoining Art Center and Other Places for Shopping. it can be easily reached through Taxi, Trains and Buses.", September 2016
157,4.0,So big mall that you may lost,I was attending a conference in COEX convention center. So this is the mall as well. So big that you may get lost. Little costly but there are lots of items. Many food outlets to choose from in case you are hungry. Food is not so costly., September 2016
158,4.0,huge,"This is a huge underground mall which has a stature of gangnam style hands outside which is a tourist op. Inside has a money change bank , lots of food places, subway access. and of course commercial shops. Good to spend half  a day if the weather outside is too extreme. But it", September 2016
159,4.0,Awesome shopping centre ,"This mall is very much like every other mall.  There is a very good variety of shops and it has all the major skincare brands and make up brands. The clothes shops are also very trendy and cool.   The food malls have a large variety to choose from, the is halal food for Muslims,", August 2016
160,3.0,Big and expensive,"This mall is nice if you're bored, have lots of money and if it's raining out. This mall used to be for the middle class but now it's just ridiculous. The majority of the new stores are so expensive, only rich people can afford to shop here.", July 2016
161,3.0,"A Big Mall, nothing more","This is a big serpentine mall, lots of stores, nothing really special, bring crumbs to find your ay out!", September 2016
162,5.0,COEX,"Amazing shopping mall in Gangnam. Lot of restaurants, acuarium and stores. Ohh and the PSY hands statue!", September 2016
163,5.0,Great new mall,"The mall is large and quite new.  Also includes a casino and Aquarium.  When we were there, not all stores were complete yet as it was still fairly new.  It also didn't seem too crowded.", August 2016
164,5.0,Luxury mall ,"This is the luxury place , Shopping department store, And also aquarium located there , you can also reach casino near by. Great to see , but closing soon at night !", September 2016
165,4.0,Shop shop shop!,"A great place for a rainy day! It's easy to get lost in here because it really is big! Loads of shops (particularly cosmetic shops), cafes and restaurants! In general the shops here are more expensive. I could spend several hours here browsing and shopping without getting bored", July 2016
166,3.0,No more kimchee museum,"We came here in hope to visit kimchee museum on a rainy day. Unlike Myeongdong, this mall is full of local people! It is pleasant and a lot less crowded. However, we were a little disappointed that kimchee museum is closed. ", September 2016
167,5.0,One stop shop mall ,So close to aloft hotel  easy to get there as most cab know it.  Nice shopping place and lots of food there and everything in one stop   , August 2016
168,4.0,Big mall,"This is a nice big Mall with lots of products and restaurants.Is nice especially on a hot day to cool down, If you love footwear i recommend you to visit ABC Markt is a great store with great selection and the price is really good.", August 2016
169,4.0,Huge mall all in one,"Like other extra huge malls, COEX mall has everything you need under one roof. The unique point is, it's connected to city airport check-in mall, 5 star hotels, Hyundai Department Store, world trade centre and conveniently link to Samseong metro station. Local cafe and eating", August 2016
170,3.0,SM Town fans,If you are a SM Town fans you will find this place so great you can find your bias merchandise and they have a coffee shop and theater. there are a mall next to it have some shops and its next to the metro station, August 2016
171,1.0,"Clothes, shoes and accessoires","If you are looking for a mall where lots of things happen don't go to this place. They have every brand and every big shop which involves clothes, shoes and accessoires. Just 1 marvel shop and some minor kid stores. Other areas got way more variety in stores.", August 2016
172,4.0,For SM Town Fans,"For the SM Town fans you can buy some of merchandise in this mall, there is also digital theater for watching. You can recording your sound and become like SM Town singer.  ", August 2016
173,5.0,COEX Underground center,"Underground shopping center with variety of choices when it comes to shopping for clothes and more, alot of restaurants and a cinema is available. Connected to 2 department stores (Hyundai & Parnas) 2 mins walk to the subway line 2.", July 2016
174,3.0,Not too many shops for its size,"I arrived a little after 10 on Sunday and felt like it was a ghost town. The mall is enormous but there were just a few people about. The stores seemed to be closed or without any customers.  When I came later, around noon, it was hard to get around as the mall got very crowded.", July 2016
175,3.0,It's a MALL,"Meh!   If you are looking to shop, sure go shopping...but if you're looking for some uniqueness, then look elsewhere.  Within 5 mins I was bored. However, there was a large bookstore with a English section, so nice to sit and have a read (until an obnoxious English man with his", July 2016
176,5.0,A Huge mall,A huge mall with most international brands available. Ideal for those looking to buy branded stuffs. There is a lotte duty free store in the mall., July 2016
177,3.0,Very Confused Layout....Maybe It Was Just Me,"When we visited this mall I kept wondering: maybe it's just because I am an American. We walked and walked and walked and we never found really much of anything. It was very strange. And then we would find ourselves in a giant, empty convention-hall lobby? All malls in Korea are", July 2016
178,4.0,"Enormous, but could be anywhere on the planet","If I were organizing a world conference with 30,000 participants, this would be a very attractive venue. Sandwiched between 2 5 star hotels, the conference centre and mall are testimony to South Korea's economic success. The most fascinating part is the Hyundai Department store", July 2016
179,4.0,Family-friendly,We had a great day there and helped us get past the jet lag.  Famished we went straight to get some mouthwatering neng myun or cold noodles and grabbed a bingsoo dessert.  Lots of food options and was surprised to see even Indian and Turkish food.  But what we liked were that, July 2016
180,4.0,A paradise for tourists,"The largest shopping mall in Seoul.  There are many stores, restaurants, cafes, cinemas, concerts,……as well as a Kimchi Museum and an Aquarium.  The mall is connected to the Hyundai Department Store and at least two 5 star hotels.  . You can spend half a day here, to buy, to", July 2016
181,5.0,Impressive and Texas size ,"It's a huge mall with lot of stuffs to explore, clothing, entertainment, souvenir, food, aquarium, etc. You could easily spend a day there. We have a great time there and think it's worth a visit. ", July 2016
182,5.0,Excellent,"A very big mall. Need clearer map.  Great variety of shops. Consider putting a supermarket in the mall, then will be perfect.", June 2016
183,5.0,Big mall with all shopping and entertainment.,"The Coex is a big complex with shopping and entertainment in underground and hotels, city airport, bus terminal, hotels, casino etc on ground and other floors. The big conference complex is the main area where lot of foreigners come.  It has some good restaurants.  There is a", June 2016
184,5.0,YOU MUST SEE IT,We live in the home of Mall of America and were impressed by this place.  I went alone the first time and then had to bring my husband back just so he could see the maze that exists below the COEX, June 2016
185,4.0,HUGE!!,"It's a Huge underground mall with many facilities from shopping center, restaurants, post office, smtown until casino. It's an integrated and connected to many building in the complex which might make us frustrated and  get lost to find the way. Eventhough there are signage and", June 2016
186,4.0,Largest underground mall in Asia,"This mall is located one level down from ground level in the COEX complex.  Lots of different shops, though most are for clothes.  To me the biggest attraction is the wide variety of restaurants offering everything from Korean staples such as Bibimbap to European and American", June 2016
187,4.0,We went for the Gangnam Hands,"Not sure if there's a shorter way, but we had to walk quite a few blocks from the Gangnam Station exit to reach the front of this enormous mall.  Unfortunately, we arrived around eleven at night, way past the closing hour of this mall. I would have liked to get inside. Even at", May 2016
188,2.0,Worst shopping experience,"Very frustrating the way that it has been built it is quite a mess really. shops are everywhere you get lost and so spaced out , not much shops to buy from eventhough its huge took us so long from myeongdong to gangnam by taxi so much traffic and was a waste of time, not worth", June 2016
189,5.0,Good to visit for shopping & dining.,Located in East of Kangnam area.  There are many restaurants and pubs.  Always crowded with young people and tourist. There cinema as well. , June 2016
190,5.0,Loved,"I was an easy access from our hotel ( Oakwood premier coex) where you can find delicious food (Halal)😋, bakeries, 😘 sweets sand many 😍 shops to choose from. You can have your gifts from there like we did. 😊  Also it has an aquarium 🐠🐟🐡🐧🦀😌 which we enjoyed so much.", May 2016
191,4.0,Huge,The mall is huge and has a ton of stores and restaurants.  It is a great indoor activity for a rainy day.  There is also an aquarium that was awesome for my young child.  , May 2016
192,5.0,Lots of shopping under one roof,"It's good because you can find whatever you need here, and grab a meal at one of the several restaurants they have.", May 2016
193,4.0,A huge mall,"The mall is huge and I enjoyed walking in the mall. However, it was difficult for me to find directions. I felt that it was like a maze.There are a lot of restaurants in the mall and I particularly liked the donkatsu restaurant Saboten a lot. Because the mall is connected to", April 2016
194,3.0,Average mall,No point of interest despite being the second largest mall in asia.  Layout is so confusing and and got lost a few times trying to find the food court. Too many international brand that can be found anywhere. , May 2016
