,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Hold hands with K-idols,"I recommend this place to all kpop and kdrama fans! If you want to know how it feels like to hold hands with your favorite Lotte Idol, you definitely should not miss this.  I loved comparing my hand size to with the BTS members' hands and wow, I must say Jungkook's hand is so", December 2018
1,5.0,A must visit for any Kpop fan,"If you love Kpop, this is a must stop for you. Super fun place to see your favorite artists handprints, take instagram photos, and experience giant interactive videos. Groups to highlight are BTS, Super Junior, EXO, Twice, and more. ", June 2019
2,3.0,only if you're a kpop fan,, June 2019
3,4.0,Lively atmosphere,"Lively atmosphere, good crowd. Nice place to sit and spend some time. Soak in the atmosphere. Good photo opportunities.", August 2015
4,4.0,Take a photo,, June 2015
5,3.0,Only go if you're a Kpop fan,"I think the best way to describe Star Avenue - Nothing special. Sure it makes for a good fangirling moment if your favourite idols happen to appear on the huge lighted screens or have their cut out boards available for photo taking anytime, but other than that there's really", July 2013
6,5.0,Brilliant,"This is a really impressive presentation and worth a visit, especially as it is at Lotte and everyone goes to Lotte, right!!!", January 2013
7,3.0,A little bit disappointing,"We went here instead of paying for Lotte World's skating rink experience. We had some photos taken of Super Junior's, Kin Hyun joong 's etc. memorabilias, we had our little dubbing experience for You are beautiful, we had our compatability test with our favorite Suju members and", October 2012
8,1.0,"A cheap, nasty imitation of the real thing","This is simply a cheap and nasty imitation of the Hollywood walk of fame.    However it simply doesnt work.  It is way over crowded, completely commercialised and very cliched.   Not worth your time, effort or money. ", August 2012
9,4.0,Star Avenue ~,"If you like stars like Rain , 2pm , Big Bang and JYJ , this place is worth visiting and checking out. Here on display are items used by the stars themselves, whether when they endorsed something or used during their concert. They have the hand prints of the stars there as well .", January 2012
10,4.0,Hallyu Avenue,"I enjoyed my short visit to Star Avenue, and was pleasantly surprised the entrance to the enclosed area is part of the Lotte World admission fee.  Had fun with the stand-ins, the recoding room, the motorcycle ride with Song Seun Hun and the dress-up as Ju-mong.  A good time if you are a Hallyu fanatic. I just wish they had more Hallyu Idols in the dioramas. Most of the souvenir items are sold in the upper floor of Lotte World dept store , the Hallyu fanatics will definitely have a field day here !", December 2010
