,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,winter statue,winter time it is not to good to explore almost ever where :-) But I liked to see places filmed n City Hunter :-), February 2020
1,3.0,5 minute photo op,"One of two large statues in the square, it's good for a quick pic then move on.  Not to be  too cynical but there are many statues of many good people around the world.  I guess I am getting a little worn out.", November 2019
2,4.0,Great Statue Of The Admiral Who They Say Was As Good As Nelson,"Admiral Yi Sun-Yin was a famous Korean Admiral, the inventor of the Turtle Ships and famous for his battles and beating the Japanese during the Imjin Wars. He lived from 1545 until 1598 and died of a gun shot wound in battle.His impressive large statue stands in Gwanghuaman", September 2019
3,4.0,One of two,One of the two statues in this square. The square and statues can be found right infront of the palace. Good for some quick photos., September 2019
4,4.0,Respected admiral,This statue is to honour a famous and respected admiral best known for his military achievements during the Imjin War. There is also a small underground museum in  memory of the Admiral. In front of the statue there is a water fountain called 23.12 representing the 23 wars the, June 2019
5,4.0,Beautiful!!,"I saw this when I was walking around Seoul. Very enjoyed reading about the history of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin. Go here if you want to learn about him, and why he is important.", July 2018
6,4.0,The War Hero,"Considered as a War hero, the 6.5 meters bronze statue of Admiral Yi Sun-sin is situated in the G Square which is in front of the G-Palace. The statue shows the Admiral in a standing posture, holding a sword in his right hand the face depicting the determination of a soldier.", May 2018
7,5.0,Amazing Admiral,"I had never heard of this famous 16th-century Korean admiral until I visited Gwanghwamum Plaza, where his bronze statue anchors its southern end. But now I know that Admiral Yi Sun-Sin has a fascinating background, including incredible military achievements during the Imjin War", October 2018
8,4.0,Impressive statue with fountains,This is an impressive statue located in the centre of the city and the great thing about it is that there is a museum underground here where you can also learn so much about Korean history. The statue is very close to the statue of Sejong the Great and also walking distance to, July 2018
9,4.0,Great pose of a great seafaring Admiral,"I just liked the pose of Admiral Yi Sun- Sin as he appears as this bronze statue on Gwanghwamun Square in Seoul. As a hero from the sixteenth century, he is celebrated for his triumphs against the invading Japanese.", October 2018
10,4.0,Admiral Yi Sun-Sin means a lot to Koreans,"It is a small statute which you'll automatically pass by when visiting the Gwanghwamun district.  There's a year-long protest going on nearby the statute, so make sure you do not offend people there by taking photos like tourists. There's always somekind of protest going on", October 2018
11,3.0,The museum under the statue is worth seeing,It is recommended to start your Seoul trip here along with the statue of King Sejong the Great and then walk to the main palace. There is a nice and free museum under the two statues that tells you about these two great Korean men. The part about Admiral Yi Sun-Sin details great, July 2018
12,5.0,Sixteenth century naval commander,"Around the country we have discovered statues of Admiral Yi Sun-Si, here in Seoul and Busan, this sixteenth century naval commander is famous for the major part he played in defending the country from the Japanese.  The Admiral's bronze statue stands high on a pillar in the", April 2018
13,4.0,Korea's famous admiral,The 17 m bronze statue stands in Gwanghwamun Square and in front of it there are many small water fountains that go up and down ( a favorite place for children to play in the water). The admiral was a famous hero who made his name by fighting the Japanese in the 16th century. In, July 2018
14,5.0,Revered Naval Commander,"The Naval Commander who is credited for several decisive victories and ultimately sacrificing himself in a war with the Japanese in Nov 1598. His come commemorative statue is rightly placed in front of King Sejong’s statue who is in front of the palace, being the first to face", June 2018
15,3.0,Hero of war against Japan,"Admiral Yu Sun-Sin is a hero of war against Japan- not in a modern time, but about 400 years ago. There is a museum of his legend nearby (underground), which is quite instructive.", February 2018
16,3.0,A Statue,This is a site you will not miss on your way to other activities.  Located in Gwangwamun next to palaces and markets., October 2017
17,5.0,Its free and otw to the palace.,"You can't miss it, and I am not sure how you can complain when it is a free attraction. As far as the ""tent city"" is concerned, there was a ferry disaster in 2014 in which 304 passengers, most of which were high school students, died. This tent city as some call is is in", January 2018
18,4.0,"The Statue of Great Admiral, Yi Sun-sin","C ( 17.12.06 )  Admiral Yi Sun-sin was great person of Korea, and this statue is landmark in this area. Only see statue, it was simple to enjoy, but there was museum about Yi Sun-sin under this statue. Must visit this museum about Yi Sun-sin.", December 2017
19,5.0,Take picture ,"Quick stop to just take a picture with a local landmark.  If youre going to Gyeongbokgung palace, pass by here too.", November 2017
20,4.0,Impressive statue,The Statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin is in Gwanghwamun Square and was put up in 1968. It is one of two statues in the square – the other being that of King Sejong The Great.   Admiral Yu Sun Sin was a 16th century Korean hero. The statue is 17 metres tall and looks impressive with, August 2017
21,3.0,Quick picture then go,Just a few steps away from the statue of King Sejong where you just snap a few photos then go. Nothing much to see., October 2017
22,3.0,A Hero in the middle of the Main Street ,"This hero status is situated on the center of the Main Street. Aside from Admiral Yi Sun-Sim, the Emperor Statue is also placed in the same area. It was nice to get a glimpse of such height of statue in a busy street near the Palace. It was a coincidence when we visited as it", October 2017
23,2.0,5 stars? Just a statue ,It's just a statue.  Nice to have a quick look or snap a quick picture. Has information about his life underneath the statue.    Located in front of the palace , October 2017
24,3.0,Imposing statue,"We found this statue in Gwanghwamun square, together with the statue of King Sejong. This is a respected historical figure and the statue is prominent and iconic.Good for a quick visit.", October 2016
25,5.0,Historic statue,An amazing figure in Korea history and stands tall protecting the palace as well as people of Korea. You should definitely visit the museum to understand the history between Korea and Japan. Fascinating and interesting facts. Must visit place! , August 2017
26,4.0,Dont miss the museum,When I first saw this I was not aware of this guys importance or presence on the 1000 won note. Be sure to go to the other statue to enter the museum and learn a little about why he is there., July 2017
27,4.0,"It is a nice statue, but the history of Admiral Yi is really interesting","The statue is nice, but I only get the meaning of it when I have learned about Admiral Yi.  Really interesting guy !!  The museum under the square explains it all.  Entrance is under the other statue of King Sejong.", July 2017
28,4.0,Nice!,"This is just outside the Gyeongbokgung Palace and the Gwanghwamun Gate. So it is not hard to miss. If you're lucky, you might find a flea market that has stalls that sell Hanbok at cheap prices. So rather than rent, why not buy one and keep it as souvenir.", June 2017
29,4.0,Good place to take a picture including the palace with mountain,"Gwanghwamun start from this point. Behind this statue, there is King Sejong statue, Gyeongbok palace and Inwangsan. Quite scenic place to look at the behind.  ", July 2017
30,4.0,Statue of a legend,"Located in Gwanghwamun Square a few hundred meters from the King Sejong statue, the statue of Admiral Yi is definitely worth seeing as well.", June 2017
31,4.0,Worth seeing this legend,"Straight outside Gyeongbokgung palace, it was interesting to see this statue dedicated to such a historical figure who can be found on W1000 note. There is an information board and it makes a great photo. Thanks for the vote if you found this review helpful.", June 2017
32,4.0,Relax after a long walk in the palace,Saw a lot of families with kids playing around. There's a garden nearby where you can sit and rest. Good after a long walk in the palace. There's fountain too. , June 2017
33,4.0,"Yi Sun-shin, an eternal hero of the Korean people",Statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin is also located in Gwanghwamun Square. Yi Sun-Sin was a mariner commander who lead soldiers in a sea battle against Japanese army., November 2016
34,5.0,Kids playing around,Once you are done with the palace. Go down the main square to see the shops and the statue.   There are some floor fountain around the statue were kid would be playing.  It is fun to see or if you wanna join them , June 2017
35,3.0,Another statue,Another statue on the main street. If you are around go to see it. Near all important locations. A statue of an important admiral in the history of Korea. , May 2017
36,4.0,Tribute to heroic Korean Admiral,Admiral Yi Sun-Sin defeated the Japanese invaders during the sixteenth century and is commemorated in this impressive bronze statue., May 2017
37,4.0,Nice spot for photo shoot!,"This statue is nice for photo shoot, that is it. It is at the square on the way to the grande palace of Seoul.", May 2017
38,4.0,Another Big Statue,Before you go to Gyeongbokgung palace take a picture of this statue in Sejong centre and you can take a picture Statue of Sejong the Great too., April 2017
39,4.0,Next to palace ,If you are coming to this area to see the palace you are bound to see the statue as it is in the front of the palace gates. Very interesting piece of work and you can gain information and the importance of this admiral underneath him in the information booth. , April 2017
40,5.0,Located in Gwanghwamun Square,Statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin located in Gwanghwamun Square together with Statue of Sejong the Great. You can hardly missed this if you are around this area or visiting the Gyeongbukgung Palace. The underground museum is must visit as it is well-designed with interesting, September 2016
41,4.0,Historic Landmark at Gwanghwamun Square,"Located inside Gwanghwamun square, you will not miss out on the Statue of Admiral Yi Sun Shin. I was not able to take a close photo of the statue during my visit though due to the barricade and the people protesting within the vicinity.", March 2017
42,5.0,Guardian looking over Seoul,"Just by standing next to this statue I can get a feeling of all the important historical events that it has witnessed. Against all the hardships it is still unconquerably standing in the heart of the city, reminding its citizens of their roots and past glories. Every capital", July 2016
43,4.0,Historic statue,Yi Sun-Sin was a mariner commander who lead soldiers in a sea battle against Japanese army. He also invented the turtle vessel which was a main reason of Korean victory on ancient times. This statue is located on the Gwanghwamun square on the opposite side of the palace. , February 2017
44,3.0,You won't miss it when you are in Gwanghwamun Square,Statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin was in Gwanghwamun Square; you will not miss it when you are there. Recommended to visit the surrounding museums and art galleries., February 2017
45,3.0,Sightseeing,"If you are in the area, there are a few spots to check out all at once. The Gyeongbokgoong Palace, Statue of Sejong, Gwanghwamun Square and etc. You should visit all of these together since it's near by and walking distance. The area is huge so you can take some cool photos.", April 2016
46,3.0,Tent city,Currently there is a tent city set up around this statue so getting a clear photo of it is a real challenge. The tents are scrappy and covered in plastic and not a good look. Some political group I guess and a shrine to the people lost in the ferry tragedy. Go underground to the, January 2017
47,4.0,Statue that shows honor and reverence of the Korean General,"This statue of Admiral that shows honor and reverence of the Korean Great Admiral of Seocheon Dynasty. It's located at Gwangwhamun Square, in the central of Seoul, near Gyeongbokgung (Palace). Very nice scenery.", November 2016
48,4.0,A definite landmark of the Gwanghwamun area,"This is a cool statue of a man credited for developing the turtle ship that helped defeat the Japanese. You can get some fantastic views of the Gwanghwamun area including Gwanghwamun Gate and Bugak Mountain from long range. It's also conveniently located near Insadong,", January 2017
49,4.0,Statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin,"Centrally placed and at the moment the gathering area for the protests, very peaceful, against the president. Easy to walk to as you go to a variety of other sites such as The Stream", November 2016
50,5.0,Everyone visits this statue,"Located in the center of a busy street in Seoul. Hard to miss! Yi Sun-sin was a Korean naval commander, famed for his victories against the Japanese navy during the Imjin war in the Joseon Dynasty.", November 2016
51,4.0,Important Historical Figures,"Definitely to come here and so you know the great figures who is very important for Korean. Below the statue there are Admiral Yi Sun Sin museum, and you can know the details about him.", November 2016
52,4.0,Wow,Impressive once you exit the subway specially if its your first time. The small streams on the border tell about the history of South Korea. Nice spot for photos specially at night, April 2016
53,4.0,Great statue,"There are 2 greatest person statues at gwanghwamun square that one is the status of admiral Yi sun-shin. If you have extra time, take a walk on the Gwanghwamun Square & stop by the Yi sun-shin statue after touring the #1 sightseeing Kyeongbok Palace in seoul. Gwanghwamun Square", October 2016
54,4.0,Walking around ,It was a nice surprise that there's a museum under the statue. There's an underground museum that tells the Story of King Sejong and the Story of Admiral Yi Sunshin. There's also a cafe and a store to buy souvenirs. It's a really nice area to walk around in and explore the, October 2016
55,5.0,Statue,The statue that sees everything lol. On front of one of the big temples gate. Close to US Embassy and a big plaza, May 2016
56,4.0,Idolised Korean,"A very famous and revered Naval Commander who saved Korea from the Japanese. The statue is very impressive and stands out in Gwanghwamun Square. It is close to another revered figure, Sejong The Great. ", September 2016
57,4.0,Interesting statue of an important historical figure in Korea,"This statue is very imposing and beautiful. It depicts a very important historical figure in Korea, Admiral Yi Sun-Sin. The history of the admiral's accomplishments is impressive. It is worth a 20-30 minute walk around the square to admire the statue and see kids playing in the", September 2016
58,5.0,In the heart of Seoul,It's close to many other tourist attractions. It's a great place to take a pic that you'll treasure. , November 2015
59,5.0,There is a surprise fun thing to do just beneath this statue,"The statue itself is cool with huge historical importance. but just beneath it is a nice fountain you can run around, get wet on a sunny day and with beautiful light play at night. we had so much fun getting wet and running around in beautiful light and water play", August 2016
60,3.0,"If nothing else, it’s a landmark!","One may say this statue is the most famous statue in South Korea.  It really anchors the Gwanghwamun plaza and the entire district.  It is a good example of a national monument, but nothing more.  However, often at the feet of the statue there can be political protest or other", August 2016
61,4.0,Fierce,This is a great statue . Right next to the Kings statue. A brave admiral who led his soldiers against the Japanese . You should see it. It's quite impressive., August 2016
62,5.0,Impressive statue,Just before the Main Statue of the King stands admiral Yi Sun-Sin. You can spot him form far away and he stands rather proudly in the middle of a walking island. Right now the tents to remember the victims of Sewol and before you step before the admiral you are sadly reminded of, July 2016
63,4.0,Nice statue on the square,"Before the Main Statue of the King who invented the Korean alphabet, this is the admiral who bravely led his troops to fight against the Japanese aggressors. A symbol of courage and the Korean Identity, it stands in this iconic square in the heart of Seoul.", June 2016
64,5.0,Admiral Yi Sun-Sin,This whole area is great to see there is a museum underground that is awesome that is a must visit which explains the history of Admiral Yi Sun-Sin and King Sejong. The US & Korean embassy are in this area and many more places to see. Kyobo Book store is near here as well., February 2016
65,4.0,Commanding figure,I found this statue to be quite impressive. The figure exudes authority and command and immediately caught my admiration. There is also an underground museum next to it with more about the admiral., April 2016
66,4.0,Close to the palace so have a look,"Not worth travelling there for only this statue but since you'll most likelly be visiting the nearby Palace, have a look", May 2016
67,3.0,Might as well,"If you're going to visit the largest palace (Gyeongbokgung Palace) You might as well take picture with King Sejong and Admiral Yi. They are located at Gwanghwamun Sq, which is a stretch of road leading to the palace.  To go here: Take metro line 5 and stop at Gwanghwamun St,", April 2016
68,5.0,Impressive statue for an impressive warrior,"This is a towering statue in Gwanghwamun Square, near the statue of Sejung the Great King and Gyeongbokgung Palace.  It's easily accessible by subway (line 5 - purple). The Admiral looks fierce, and there is also a model of the type of boat he used to fend off the Japanese.  ", March 2016
69,3.0,Admire the admiral on your way to Gyeongbukgung Palace,"The admiral cuts an imposing figure on the main boulevard as you walk towards Gyeongbukgung Palace.  Be sure to snap a picture of him as you walk past; just try not to get distracted by the heavily fortified U.S. Embassy located on the other side of the street.  'Murica, indeed.", March 2016
70,4.0,Impressive sight,"This statue of the man responsible for creating Korean currency is located near palaces, as well as art and history museums, so try to work it into your visit to the neighborhood. Like some of the palaces, it's lit up at night, so you might want to take a photo around dinner", February 2016
71,4.0,History lovers and a touristy spot,Read about Admiral Yi Sun Sin and take some time to walk along Gwanghwamun Square. Nice a a couple of picture., January 2016
72,3.0,Statue of the historically important Admiral Yi Sun-Shin at Gwanghwamun Square,"One of the interesting things you will see at Gwanghwamun Square is the bronze statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Shin, erected here in 1968.  This 17 metre tall statue is of of the admiral in war attire, grasping a sward in his hand, it is a symbol position of protection over his beloved", November 2015
73,4.0,Historical Spot to remember Korea's past,"Before coming to this place, read about Admiral Sun-Yi; a very memorable and heroic character of Korean Empire. They even made a movie about him a couple of years ago. Recommended to see on your way to Seoul's forbidden city.", November 2015
74,4.0,Take the time to read up on Admiral Yi,"An impressive statue, I have found that having an understanding of Admiral Yi's accomplishments and heroics really helps increase your appreciation for the statue.", October 2015
75,4.0,Impressive statue,Impressive statue on Gwanghwamun Square dedicated to korean admiral who managed to beat the mighty Japanese fleet., October 2015
76,5.0,Impressive statue,This is an impressive statue on a grand avenue leading to Gyeongbuk Palace.  It is easily found and within walking distance of the USA Embassy or the Sejong Cultural Theater.  , October 2015
77,4.0,All these places are very nearby,"Been here for a day tour while on a business visit. Very conveniently located in city, 15 min walk from holiday inn. Weather was very pleasant. Glad to see how they preserve such a ancient monument. ", May 2015
78,5.0,Every time I'm inspired,Setting at Admiral Yi's statue always makes me think about another time and place - which i assume has also been very formative to modern day Korea.   And the statue is also quite imposing.  Take a moment and enjoy the moment with him, August 2015
79,4.0,Nice Statue,"Big Statue of Admiral Yi Sun-sin, History & Story of the Admiral is displayed in the museum underground. There are lot of videos & pictures & historic items on display.", September 2015
80,4.0,Better of the 2,"This is a very impressive statute. When standing beneath it, he looks like he's staring down at you. Might as well stop by if going to the palace or anywhere in  Insadong. ", September 2015
81,5.0,Greatest naval commander ,The art of war must have lived in his blood.  His invention of the crane technique in battle with only  a few to win over hundreds in battle is definitely worth earning the title as the greatest naval commander.  Worth a visit!, September 2015
82,5.0,Huge Statue,I've been to Seoul twice and I went there every time. This statue is really an attraction spot. Also there is a naval museum on the underground. It's a must to go if you are already in Seoul City., January 2015
83,4.0,"A very big statue, but there is a museum under it.","Another big statue and it's nice, but what is much more interesting is the museum under it, which shows some of Koreans biggest ships battle.", March 2015
84,3.0,Korean Naval Hero,"This statue commemorates the Korean Naval commander who defeated the Japanese in several key naval battles in the past. One of two grand statues at Gwanghwamun Square, the other being King Sejong the Great.", November 2014
85,4.0,If you're a fan of awesomeness,"While the statue is pretty awesome, be sure to check out the underground museum!  I didn't know much of the Naval history of Korea - but after spending some time here, Admiral Yi quickly became a historical leader I want to learn more about!  This man was a genius.", February 2015
86,3.0,A general statue,"It's located at Guanghuamun square,just opposit Sejong king statue. He is a hero who defected many enemies. A very tall statue. Not as known as Sejong king statue but still a magnificent statue.", November 2014
87,4.0,Choseon Hero Stunning Status,Right in the center of the city in Gwanghwamun Square. I like the statue very much both King Sejong and Admiral Yi Sun Shin Statue. Something to learn about Korean history., December 2014
88,3.0,Just a stutue,I really think the statue is not special in any way although I agree with others that it provides for an excuse to learn more about korean history. The square though is nice and if you look north you can see the palace and the other statues that line up Gwanghwamun square. Go, August 2014
89,4.0,Stunning statue,"The Admiral Yi Sun Shin statue placed in the center of Gwanghwamun Square from here you can admire the statues placed in sequence in the middle of the main wide square, the beautiful fountain, the Gwanghwamun Gate and the beautiful buildings that surround the square, in short,", April 2014
90,4.0,History in beautiful Square,"The statue of Admiral Yi Sun-shin is located in Gwanghwamun Square along with King Sejong.  A great way to see this area is to start from in front of Gyeongbokgung Palace and its front gate, Gwanghwamun.  You can reach this area by taking the Metro, orange line 3 and take exit", June 2014
91,4.0,"Great statue, great lesson","The way the statue was build and the way stands, truly shows the greatness of the Admiral Yi Shun and his glory. The view is great with the mountain on the back. Sometimes you would see people coming and pay respect by putting flower near his statue.", July 2013
92,4.0,Great history lesson and a story of true triumph like David vs Goliath (Korean style),"Admiral Yi is a very famous Korean naval commander who supposedly outnumbered 133 warships to 13, and forced into a last stand with only his minimal fleet standing between the Japanese Army and Seoul. He was considered one of the most strategic commanders in history and it is", May 2014
93,3.0,Prominent and distinctive statue,"One will not miss Admiral Yi Sun-sin, an impressive raised statue that commemorates the famed naval commander in the Joseon Dynasty. You can visit this, the Statue of Sejong the Great, the main gate at Gyeongbokgung and Gyeongbokgung in one go.", April 2014
94,3.0,Wouldn't Go Out Of The Way To See It,"I don't want to disrespect the history and or what Admiral Yi Sun Shin represents to South Korea, but from a tourist standpoint you wouldn't miss much if you did not see it during your visit to Seoul.   In all fairness, I did not go at night to see it and it might have been way", April 2014
95,4.0,Great Monument,"Great monument build not far from Sejong the Great, in square near Performing Art Studio & USA Embassy.", April 2014
96,3.0,"Great Hero, Moderate Statue","You are going to see it, because it is near the Great Gate, near Sejong the Great. Just look at my photo you can see that from this statue of field of great treasures await. Go see it take the photo and have a scene of beauty unfold. Easy to get to, do not worry about the 4", October 2013
97,5.0,A Famous Korean Hero,"This was on my list of must visit place during my visit to Seoul since the legend of Yi Sun Shin is admirable. You can take pictures at the square and all but the best surprise I found is if you walk across the road to Sejong Centre, you can explore the life story of Yi Sun Shin", November 2013
98,4.0,Good starting place for doing Seoul,"There are two statues in the Gwanghwamun area of Seoul - this is one of them. It is lovely to see and great starting place with the palace up ahead. However, it is only when you understand more about Korean culture and history that you understand the statues - and this is", July 2012
99,5.0,War hero and master naval tactician and inventor,"Admiral Yi Sun-Sin (April 28, 1545 – December 16, 1598) well deserves the larger than life statue dedicated to him in this most prominent intersection of Seoul in Gwanghwamun. Standing tall in full battle regalia, he projects a very powerful presence. You can look him up and his", September 2012
