,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,South Korea's #1 National Treasure!,, January 2020
1,4.0,Korean history in the midst of the CBD,Stumbled to this landmark after a visit to Namdaemun markets.  Impressive structure standing out amidst tall buildings around. Typical historical site in the middle of modern Seoul., January 2020
2,4.0,Impressive,"The gate is right beside a 5 street intersection; the entrance to the gate is on the opposite side from the intersection.  I wandered for a bit before finding it.  Once in (which was quick as there is no admission and no one was around), it was quite impressive both to its sheer size and the fact that there is nothing preventing anyone form actually touching it.  I would have thought that a national treasure such as this and being as old as it is, there would be heavy security and boundaries set so as to keep curious hands at bay.  Not so.  Feel free to touch away.  And look up when passing through the gate.  The murals in the ceiling are Sistine Chapel-like... ok, not really but still pretty cool.", November 2019
3,4.0,Korea's landmark and National Treasure,"Sungnyemun is one of the Eight Gates in the Fortress Wall of Seoul, South Korea, which surrounded the city in the Joseon dynasty. Located in the heart of Seoul.", November 2019
4,4.0,Ancient Gate in the City,"Just down the main strip from Gyeongbokgung Palace is a junction that spilts in several locations and in the middle of this junction is an ancient gate called ""Sungnyemun Gate"". It is part of the ancient city wall that surrounded the capital of Seoul in the Josean dynasty and is one of the oldest remaining features of the wall in Seoul today. It is a great place to visit on the way to Namdaemun Market and there are daily activities at the gate including Changing of the Guard ceremonies which occur daily every 2-3 times in the day. You can get some photos with the guards at the end of the ceremony which makes for some great holiday photos.", September 2019
