,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Beautiful South Korean Head Of State ☺️,"Visited The Blue House (Korean: 청와대; Hanja: 靑瓦臺; Cheong Wa Dae; literally ""pavilion of blue tiles"") is the executive office and official residence of the South Korean head of state, the President of South Korea, located in the Jongno district of the capital Seoul.  It is painted", December 2019
1,4.0,Presidential house ,The blue house is the official residence of the President of South Korea and is a short walk from the Gyeongbokgung Palace. The place is tightly guarded and you can view the Blue house from across the road. The building offers a nice photo opportunity with the mountain at the, November 2019
2,3.0,Birthday trip,"I was really hoping to get a closer look at the famous ( Blue House), but it was only a glimpse through the vehicle window. We were not even allowed to slow down, but had to drive by at regular speed. The pics were got were not worth posting. Guards everywhere.  A bit", September 2019
3,5.0,The Guards in Blue House are all so Handsome!,"We joined the blue house tour, it was an hour tour which bring you around the blue house for a visit. The guards are all very good looking!", May 2019
4,5.0,The Blue Power House in Seoul,You would need to book at least one month ahead to let them check your particulars for free access. All my Korean friends did not know about this free visit of their president residence.  Lots of school kids accompanied by their oma (Mother) and a few tourists were in our group., September 2018
5,3.0,Nothing special,Remember to book the visit in advance (at least 2 months in my case). On the day of the visit you have to go to the 경복궁 area to take a bus that will take you to the Blue House.  You get a mug as a gift.  I’d advise to go there in spring/summer. I went there in February and there, February 2019
6,2.0,Nothing much,"booking in advance is required (foc). seriously nothing much at all. u get a mug as door gift. you will just be briefed that this and that buildings are for what purpose, holding what events. nothing else.", April 2019
7,4.0,Must book in advance ,Please book in advance and I suggest weekdays visits (tuesday-Friday) as Saturday visits (2nd and 4th) are full of families. Please follow the instructions ie don’t take photos in places that you are not supposed to. Given a nice mug as souvenir. Remember to bring your passport. , October 2018
8,5.0,Book at least 3 month in advance,"If you want to pay a visit here, please book an appointment online at least 3 month in advance. It is free. On the day itself, do not directly go to entrance, find the designated gathering area.", November 2017
9,3.0,Catch a view from Gyeongbokgung Palace,"You can catch a glimpse and take a photo of The Blue House coming from within Gyeongbokgung Palace. Keeping the Hyangwonjeong Pavilion walls (the two-story hexagonal pavilion that's currently walled up) on your right, and the Jibok-jae building in front of you, keep walking", July 2018
10,3.0,If you have no place to go,"Needs to book in advance, and always fully booked from the website. It might be fun for the local, but not so interesting to the foreigners. Overall, it's a walking tour, not much to see. The souvenir is a good surprise.", August 2018
11,3.0,Outside,Just a walk around the area as I believe it’s not meant to be a tourist spot where one can freely enter the compound. Anyway we were here as one of the itinerary for our tour. Took some pictures outside it and that’s about all., June 2018
12,5.0,A Tight Guarded Palace,"This palace is very strictly guarded by presidential security staff. So you can going inside the palace by registering at their website. Not every time you can joins this tour. You must choose the date & time you wants to join, at least 1 month before the date & time you choose,", May 2017
13,3.0,Tour of the Cheong Wa Dae grounds,"This was an outside tour of the grounds only - we could not go inside any of the buildings.    I had to register online in advance of my visit and supply my passport number.  On the day of the tour, I went to the meeting spot at Gyeongbokgung Palace, where the tour buses were. ", March 2018
14,3.0,Closer than the White House,"We walked along the palace to see this place.  There was a lot of security along the street.  We can see the Presidential palace from a distance; but at lease, 10 times closer than the same view for the White House.  Surprisingly, the security guard helped us take our pictures.", December 2017
15,4.0,READ THIS ONE - DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE,"This is a working Korean presidential residence. Located North from the Gyeongbokgung Palace. We were not aware that one can make a special inside tour reservations online. So, do it. I am sure it is worth it. Otherwise, you will just take pictures from the outside.", November 2017
16,3.0,Can be omitted if time is lacking,"This is the Presidential palace where the first family lives and goes to office, receives important guests, etc. Security is very tight as you have to schedule way before the actual day of tour and everything you bring inside is inspected carefully. Pictures can be taken only on", October 2017
17,3.0,Don't waste your time,"If you want to take pictures and proof that you have been to Seoul and visited the Presidential Blue House, just do so. But a tour to this area ,not really worth it. Just go elsewhere.", March 2017
18,3.0,Can be skipped if time-poor~,I booked the tour to Cheong Wa Dae out of curiousity especially since the Blue House is located right next to the east gate of Gyeongbokgung Palace. Both places are located right at the foot of Mount Bugaksan. I had a lot of expectation for this tour especially since it's the, January 2017
19,2.0,Tour has the wrong title,"This tour was a bit of a disappointment to our group. The group was full of small children who were on field trips, and though somewhat well-behaved - they were still annoying. Especially since the reservation system makes it seem like it's a much smaller group that will be", June 2016
20,2.0,Not bad but there is better.,"I attended this tour in DEC 2007 and JAN 2017... it has gotten worse. During the 2007 tour we were able to go very close to the Blue House and inside of the Reception building. Neither of these happened in 2017. In short it should not be called a ""Blue House Tour"" as you cannot", January 2017
21,4.0,The Blue House Tour 2016 (OCT),"The experience overall is good, but be prepared to have over run, especially they will ask you if you are available for an extra tour at the back of the blue house.  Yea the best thing is to receive the pouch or a mug as a gift.   Something that i do not like is that the ushers", October 2016
22,4.0,Free Tour- See Only Outside of Buildings,"There were many things I wish I had known going into this tour, so I hope to give future travelers some insight.  You must book this tour in advance, which requires providing your passport information. I believe I booked a month or two in advance. You sign up for your desired", September 2016
23,4.0,informative free tour,they check your passport a lot to enter the tour and to continue.  tour moves a bit slow as you are waiting to proceed many times.  at the end of the tour you walk out the gate and there is no one to help get to the tour bus. that was uncomfortable.  however I enjoyed the tour, September 2016
24,4.0,The Presidential Palace!,"After our walk about tour in Bucheon and having our lunch as part of our full day city tour, our guide drove us here for a short ""photo stop"".  The Blue House is the official residence of the President of Korea, akin the White House of the US and Downing Street of the UK. It has", September 2016
25,4.0,Beautiful architecture and interesting history,"We stopped at the Blue House for a photo opportunity on a guided tour with Koridoor Tours. It is a beautiful place with a very interesting history. We did not get to go on the grounds of the Blue House, but we admired it from several angles and learned a bit about it. This is a", September 2016
26,3.0,It's an ok visit,We were stumbled at this place during our journey looking for Bukchon village. We did not even realize it until we saw tons of polices. There is nothing to see in this place as it's crowded and heavily guarded. We took a couple pictures of the blue house from a far at designated, July 2016
27,5.0,A Trip to the President's Palace,You cannot enter the premises without securing an appointment at least three weeks before your preferred schedule. Visit their website (https://english1.president.go.kr/tours) to schedule an appointment. The place is high security and there are certain restrictions i.e there are, September 2015
28,4.0,Presidential Visit,There was not much to see since the tour was only restricted to some places inside the compound. Non-korean speaking guests were given a gadget which would help you throughout the tour and the significance of the stops. Photos were also restricted to certain parts. Please, December 2015
29,3.0,Underwhelming but nice,"Since you only walk around the grounds and learn about the history of the place and see the exterior of the building, this tour in no way compares to a visit of someplace like the White House. However their pride in the property and their government is evident and everything is", June 2016
30,4.0,Korean President's Palace,Naturally security is high around the palace.  It was good to get a photo however I preferred to go and spend more time in the neighbouring Museum of Folk History rather than do the short tour., March 2016
31,2.0,A very fast tour...,"In order to get a guided tour of the Blue House, you need to register on their website. Foreigners are welcome and they give you an audio guide for the tour. The tour itself is very fast and you don't see much, just a brief introduction and then a quick walking around of the", April 2016
32,5.0,It's a Drive-By,We weren't actually able to stop and take pictures. We drove though on a tour bus. It's amazing how close we got to the presidential home. Hopefully I got some good pictures., April 2016
33,4.0,A must see,There are numerous sights to see in Seoul.  Don't miss the Blue House.  A little out of the way but worth the trip., May 2015
34,4.0,Great Place but restricted area to visit,"This is the official residence of the President of Korea, you are permitted to go everywhere comparatively you are allowed to small area, but very well maintained,there is no entry fee we were escorted by our Korean  friends, you can take photos with the president of course", March 2016
35,4.0,Wonderful Experience,"What a wonderful experience we had at the Cheongwadae(Blue House) which is like the official residence for the Korean President. Beautiful landscape, amazing buildings and macho and good-looking bodyguards that took care of us. What an eye feasting day for me! We also received a", March 2016
36,4.0,Beautiful!,"So glad we got to see this! It is visible from the main palace in Seoul, and it's got the most amazing backdrop of the mountain behind it. Worth seeing for sure. ", February 2016
37,5.0,The president's house,Not really a must see but it was part of the tour we had. It would also be good to know the Malacanang/White huse counterpart of Korea. We were not allowed to go near and there were many guards around the area. Visited on Nov 2014, February 2015
38,3.0,The Tour was Sadly Underwhelming,"The official tour of Cheong Wa Dae ""The Blue House"" (ROK's version of the US White House) was in fact only a very limited and quick tour of some of the grounds, with limited opportunity for photographs, with a large school group, and a guide who spoke only Korean and whose", December 2015
39,5.0,Beautiful place to arrange beautiful country ,This is the presidential palace of South Korea. It is really nice place. Located after the gyeongbokgung palace.. The blue rooftop can be seen from very far distance.. Lee Min Ho drama City Hunter has been film here..😂😂😂, May 2015
40,3.0,"Beautiful grounds, short tour","The well-manicured grounds of Cheong Wa Dae was beautiful, especially in autumn. It took us around two months to get a tour spot (free tour). Security was rather tight, and photography was quite restricted (only a few positions, zoom lenses not allowed). Headphones with", November 2015
41,4.0,South Korea has The Blue House and USA has the White House,(Korean Pronunciation: Cheong Wa Dae. Chinese Characters: 青瓦台）. Visited this attraction back in 2014 Summer. Easily accessible via Seoul Subway and must walk a distance. The friendly police forces will be able to guide you in the right direction in English too.   I feel that, December 2014
42,5.0,Presidential visit,"When we arrived , there were convoy fleet stopping all tourists. Is this place a really working Presidential office or it is just a tourist trick? I am not sure...", October 2015
43,4.0,Get a closer look to the Korea Lady President,The exhibition hall is just next to Korea President palace. Very interesting and there is a big projector screen which you can walk to the President palace internal by animation effect . , September 2015
44,3.0,Official residence of the President of Korea,"We got to see it from the distance standing at the designated and naturally heavily guarded spot. The walk from the bus is pleasant. Partly through the park area, near the public relations office, by the allegorical sculptures, street lined with trees - all surrounded by the", October 2015
45,3.0,A quick stopover or visit should do - Blue House is SK's Presidential (White) House,"The Blue House is heavily guarded, much like our U.S. White House for the President and our tour bus dropped us off several blocks ++ away, for a morning breakfast first before walking us over to see it from a distance and for photo ops.  That's pretty much all one need, a", September 2015
46,4.0,worth to see this landmark if you are first time in Korea,"Behind Cheong Wa Dae is in a very beautiful mountain scene. Although we were not able to get in (but we enjoy to walk around the beautiful garden) and only allowed to take pictures in some certain spots, and take pictures of the Blue House from a certain distance, it is still a", September 2015
47,3.0,Just another Big house,The area that the blue house is in is really the attraction...not the exuberance of wealthy politicians. Better to simply see it from across the street and hike the surrounding region., August 2015
48,3.0,No special to visit but the way to Blue house is beautiful,The blue house is always chosen to visit by tour guide because it's free. But i see no special to visit. I stand far from the blue house and stayed about 5 minutes to see it., November 2014
49,1.0,Waste of Time,"This is a Korean version of White House, where the president lives. But it is crowded, the tour is short and you have to wait very long time unless you know someone. And there are nothing special, since Korea has no glorious moment during its political history.", January 2015
50,3.0,Short tour with lot of wait time,The tour needs to be reserved well in advance.  The amount of time waiting for previous groups to go through and the security check exceeded the tour time which was barely 30 minutes.  You see the immaculately kept lawn and a closer look at the buildings (which can be seen from, July 2015
51,4.0,Can't enter ,I and my parents take a photo in front of here it is good place and good view and it is ok can saw from outside don't enter cause it is government house , June 2015
52,4.0,Great place to stay.....,"Went for the tours and it show that the palace is huge and very well maintain........we saw there are few houses to welcome state guest, nice view and big mountain at the background......", March 2015
53,3.0,You can only see the Presidents official residence from the outside,This is just a drive by. not sure how you get invited to see the inside. Not as impressive as the White House or other Presidential Palaces, March 2015
54,4.0,Official residence,This a drive by as part of our Seoul City tour to see the house which is the official residence of the president of Korea. Yes it is blue! Actually part of a larger complex of government buildings. No entry for the public. Came back on a different day to enjoy the walk through, July 2014
55,3.0,"I should say the ""GREEN HOUSE""","Just glad that we were able to see the BLUE HOUSE which is the residence of the President of South Korea. Took a picture of it from the distance. That time, we were not sure if admission is permitted to the public. I could see that the compound is very heavily guarded. Even", November 2012
56,3.0,"Close to Unicef headquarters, only visible by binoculars which you pay","The walk up to ""The Blue House"" was real nice, surrounded by beautiful gingko trees and secret service agents all over.  Maybe there is a scheduled tour you can take, but was only able to see from a distance.", November 2012
57,4.0,The Compound of the Presidential Palace,"Needless to say, we did not enter the Blue House, the official residence of the President of the South Korea, just like only a privileged few  were allowed to enter the Buckingham Palace in London, or the White House in Washington. But we still considered ourselves lucky for", November 2012
58,4.0,"I got a free presidential mug but, I did not go inside of any of the buildings","The grounds were very beautiful and but, you will not be permitted inside of any buildings at all. I was disappointed by that fact.  There were many places you will not be allowed to photograph. I was still glad I went.   You will be security scanned. The start point was", June 2012
59,4.0,elegant,Wish we could get closer.  Interesting standing of the guard, July 2012
60,5.0,guard everywhere :),"lucky me i was there while the head of Korea is inside the Blue house. I can see guard, security, police (you named it!) all over the places..", April 2012
61,4.0,Nice surroundings but nothing much to take picture of,"Take this tour if you are interested in the compound surrounding the Blue House, and if you have about 3 hours to spare in your trip. Security checks are tight here, so make sure you don't bring any sharps with you. They also give out free gifts when you enter, they gave me a", October 2011
62,4.0,A good insight into The Blue House,"A rare opportunity to see The President's Office compound and its beautiful garden. Of course, you will not access the Restricted Area within the compound. As a traveller, I rate this attraction very good and educational. An audio-visual presentation is launched in the mini", July 2011
