,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Total surprise,"While in the square, I was looking for a bathroom.  Behind one of the statues was a door.  Hmmm.  Bathroom, perhaps?  Yes... and much more.  What a great (and free) museum of early Korean history and culture.  Great also to warm up when its cold outside... and they have", November 2019
1,5.0,Interesting museum and small hands on activities,"After visiting GyeongbukongPalace, this museum is across the street. You will notice it because of the large statue of King Sejong and Admiral Yi opposite from each other.  The museums are below street level and are connected to one another.  Here you can learn about the Korean", June 2019
2,5.0,Extremely Prominent Figures in Korea's History,"We trudged through Seoul's huge Gwanghwamum Square, looking at its offerings, and noted an entrance to this museum behind the big statue of King Sejong. As we knew nothing about this king nor Admiral Yi Sunshin, we decided to enter.   The museum is divided into two big", November 2018
3,5.0,A lovely little underground find!,We saw the two statues and decided to explore further.  Lovely little find - on our way to Gyeongbukgong Palace  - all underground - and a great experience to learn more about Seoul's history.  A great surprise and really fascinating!, April 2019
4,5.0,Experiential learning of history at its Best,"Walking back from the Gyeongbukgong Palace towards the Cheonggyecheon stream, we chanced upon this two statues in the middle of the busy street. When we went near, it led us to the discovery of an underground museum. A gem for anyone who wants to learn the history of King Sejon,", September 2018
5,5.0,Seoul is awesome and this underground museum was an unexpected but delightful surprise!,"My fellow flight attendant and I decided to hop over to Korea for the first time and I’m so pleased we did!  As a New Yorker I could really appreciate the bustling crowds and the contrast of natural beauty, with historical architecture at every bend. We decided to visit the", September 2018
6,4.0,Fascinating,"Above the museum is the statue of the King, and that of Admiral Yi, on a area between two of the main highways leading to the Gyeongbokgung Palace gate. It is opposite the US embassy and there are plenty of bus stops there. The statues are huge and really dominate the area.  The", May 2018
7,5.0,Informative,The monuments above the memorial museums are beautiful. Below them you will find the memorial museums. The entrance is on the side with the King Sejong statue.  Both museums offer informative information on the two individuals in Korean history. On King Sejong's side of the, March 2018
8,3.0,Free museum ,"The story of King Sejong is a museum, which is dedicated to this famous king of Korea. He is known for the creation of Hangul, Korean phonograms. The museum is located near the statue of king. The entrance is free.", February 2018
9,5.0,Well-made and FREE museum,"Gwanghwa-mun is the greatest tour area in Seoul, and this museum is under Gwanghwa-mun. It means you can easily go to Palaces, traditional Korean houses or other museums. This is not a only good thing of this museum. You can see and hear about great Korean history, General Yi", February 2017
10,5.0,Informative if you are interested in Korean history,"I seldom enjoyed reading about historic stuff in museums, but this turns out to be a surprise hidden gem all cos I was trying to hide somewhere from the cold! I remember entering from behind the statue of King Sejong on Gwanghwamun.  Initially I only saw a long frame with loads", December 2016
11,4.0,Very well made underground museums,We went down just for the King Sejong's museum but Admiral Yi's museum was also there. That was awesome! I prefer Admiral Yi place than Sejong's. Quite well made to show how he commanded his navy during the war. It is a must to see if you are at Gwanghwamun. , July 2017
12,4.0,2 statues of Korean heroes,"King Sejong the Great's statue located in the  光化門廣場Gwanghwamun Square (광화문광장)of the Joseon Dynasty is credited with introducing Han Chinese Confucian policies and executed major ""legal amendments"" (공법; 貢法) in the fifteenth century plus the capture of Tsushima island from the", May 2017
13,4.0,"A ""wonderful underground"" museum :)","Displayed in this underground museum are the achievements of the two ""most celebrated"" figures in the history of Korea, namely King Sejong the Great (the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty) and Admiral Yi Sun Shin (famed for his naval victories against the Japanese in the Imjin", June 2016
14,3.0,More for Koreans,These two are very important people in Korean history but if you are not a history buff walking through show cases of their writings that are all in Korean doesn't click. There was an interesting bit on the Korean language and how it is built up and how the general fought some, January 2017
15,5.0,Facinating,What a fascinating piece of Korean history! Deep below his statue in the heart of the city is a very well curated history of this wonderful leader and the story of how he developed a new language for his people. Experience such as this one are why we travel!  , December 2016
16,3.0,Too much information ,"Way too much information at this museum, I was confused with so much story telling, activities available at this place. It's a rather small compound, with 2 wings. ", December 2016
17,5.0,Lovely Hidden Museum,I live in Seoul and stumbled upon this museum while wandering around the square with some friends. It is one of the best surprises I've had seeing doors in the back of the King Sejong statue. Going down I never expected the quality and beauty of the museum. It is very popular, September 2015
18,4.0,Yet another thing to do in Gwanghwamun Square,"The statues of these two very important figures in the history of Korea are spectacular, and are located in Gwanghwamun Square.  I've reviewed the statues and posted photos on their respective TripAdvisor sites, and mentioned this place too. The fearsome Admiral Yi Sun-Shin also", March 2016
19,4.0,Include in your geokbogung tour,After your geokbokgung temple tour cross the street to reach the king sejong statue. Below is the museum of king sejong and admiral yi. Take note this tour are FREE. End your tour by proceeding to gqhamun square for shopping., February 2016
20,4.0,"Learning the history about hangeul, turtle ship","We visited this place after seeing the King Sejong statue. It is a small place, you can visit it for 1 hour. We learned about the history of hangeul and our kids tried to write her name using hangeul. Then we got into the ship. It was good to look around. We tried to construct", December 2015
21,5.0,"History fans, you gotta see this!","I had read about Admiral Yi Sun Shun and Sejong Daewang before I came to Seoul. Nobody, not even my Korean friends, told me about this centre even when they knew I loved museums. It's good that I found it.   The museum was intended for school students, I suppose, middle school", May 2015
22,4.0,Quality experience if you want to learn more about King Sejong Admiral Yi Sun-Shin,"For those wanting to learn more about two of Korea's most important historical figures, there is a dedicated underground museum called 'The Story of King Sejong & The Story of Admiral Yi Sun-shin' (free entry) situated between Gwanghwamun Square and Sejong Centre for Performing", November 2015
23,4.0,check out the 4d experience hall and feel the wind,we went inside by accident as the entrance /attraction is not well sign posted but it was worth a visit.  It was pretty empty and they had craft activity - by paying 2000W (?) you can make you own name bracelet in beads. I didnt know anything about the General and he had a very, September 2015
24,5.0,Salute!,"Both are great figures of South Korea, so be sure to stop by here to learn about their great contributions to the nation. The exhibitions are great, along with videos with subtitles about these two. The exhibitions are interactive, beautiful and clearly depict the stories.", November 2015
25,5.0,"Interesting, extensive, accessible. Learn about the Korean alphabet and its inventor","Here you'll learn about King Sejong and Admiral Yi. I'm gonna focus on the Sejong bit though because its what I know the most about.  This is one of my favourite museums because:  a) Its free b) It's all about the Korean Alphabet, Hangul - arguably one of the easiest and most", July 2015
26,4.0,Great for a Quick Stop,"The experience here lies somewhere between a museum and a single exhibit. It's worth a walk-through, if only to experience the miniature turtle ship (which was fascinating for me). And it's free, which is always wonderful.  Admiral Yi Sunshin is one of Korea's foremost military", November 2014
27,4.0,Admiral Yi is a Korean hero!,"I'll freely admit I know very little little about Korean history, but I learned more about Admiral Yi and King Sejong in these two free museums and their influence on the development and history of Korea than I thought possible. They are revered by Koreans. King Sejong is the", July 2015
28,5.0,Learn about Korea's famous king,"My recommended length of time is based on reading everything because that's what I did. The museum is not really very big -- if you don't read anything, you can probably walk through in about 15 minutes.   You can learn a lot in this small museum and understand a lot of Korean", August 2015
