,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Breathtakingly powerful,This museum talks exhibitions the lives of the comfort women for Japanese soldiers during World War 2.   The staff approached us with such kindness and provided us with audio guides in English and helpfully explained in detail how to use them. The first part of the museum was, October 2019
1,5.0,You have to visit this museum. ,"I came here with my girlfriend and we were stunned by this museum. It is a truly eye opening experience not only to the past but what is still happening in present day. They give you an audioguide, which is very helpful as most of the displays are in Korean. As well as being", October 2019
2,4.0,Powerfully important museum,"Tucked away in a little neighborhood, this museum is a small, intimate experience of a terrible chapter in the history of World War II. The English audio guide walks visitors through the little building, where art, personal stories, and artifacts tell the painful stories of", May 2019
3,5.0,Valuable museum to can know about Women's pain in War.,"CC ( 19.02.16 )  I and my son visited this museum to know more about enforced sex slaves by Japan. No photo inside, and had many exhibit about enforced sex slaves in WW II. The exhibits was more terrible than I think, and I felt sorry for women in these times. The inside was a", February 2019
4,5.0,Respect,"I have visited with one of my friend who’s father at Korea war. If u want peace u must know war and visit this museum. The new Turkish corner was excellent, but half of indoor museum were under construction, what a pity.", September 2018
5,4.0,Family vacation,Worth a short visit. Intro film and exhibits were interesting. Staff were friendly and informative. Located in a small but quaint town with an interesting main street., July 2018
6,3.0,Not the most touristy thing to do,"The museum has an important purpose and a precautionary tale of the evils of war.  Neither our taxi driver nor the concierge in our hotel had ever heard of this museum, and the location seemed like an hour from anywhere else you would rather be in Korea - but the visit was", May 2018
7,5.0,An action museum,"Well done museum with the purpose to educate about the approx 200,000 ""comfort women"" or victims of sexual Slavery inflicted systematically by the Japanese government in WWII. Important to know this history in order to not repeat history and to bring awareness to other areas of", September 2017
8,5.0,Very moving and necessary,The museum aims to raise awareness on the pandemic of violence against women and particularly on Korean comfort women during Japan's occupation.  , September 2017
9,5.0,So worth it,"This is one of the best small museums i have ever been too. So emtional, so importan! Please take a visit, you will not regret it.", September 2017
10,5.0,A must-go in Hongdae,"This is one of the most powerful exhibitions I have been to. If you are in Hongdae, please spare some time and visit this museum. This could be one of the most meaningful activities of your trip. I coincidentally saw the name of this museum in Hongik University station signage.", August 2017
11,5.0,Tricky to find but worth it,"An important museum, but not a fun one.  A taxi from the World Cup metro cost about $5-6, and the driver missed the narrow, alley like street you have to go up. Afterwards I had a beer at the bar back down the hill by the main intersection and walked to Hongkik Metro. A good", May 2017
12,5.0,Very important museum full of hope,"I was blown away by this museum. I couldn't believe the struggle to get Japan to recognize their involvement in the sexual enslavement of women during WW2 was ongoing. Their dignity and fortitude in the face of this ongoing denial of their suffering is inspiring, as is their", April 2017
13,5.0,Learn about comfort women and their advocacy work,"it's a bit confusing to get to the museum. from hongik stn exit 2, turn left and walk further down to the bus stop for bus number 15. then stop at Gyeongseong High School intersection on street name - World Cup buk ro 11 gil. cross the street and there should be a sign with the", November 2016
14,5.0,Dignified explanation of a dark time,"Surprising on many levels, the museum is located in a hard-to-find side street relatively far from the city centre having been initially granted and subsequently blocked from a site within the Independence Park as it was deemed an inappropriate location by some.   The museum is", September 2016
15,5.0,"Museum is a small, thoughtful, and compelling exhibit.","This museum does a good job of presenting a dark piece of the history between Japan and Korea, and honoring the women who finally told their stories. I was astounded to learn that the victims did not disclose their abuse for over 40 years, and I did not know that numerous sites", June 2016
16,5.0,A must visit,It was very touching to learn about the lives of the comfort women of Korea and what they have gone through. They have a guided recording (mp3 and earphones) that you can listen to that will explain to you the exhibits as you walk along.  , June 2015
17,5.0,A must visit,"On a recent family visit to Seoul we had the fortune to engage a vehicle and tour guide. The visit to the museum was more than we expected. However, we did have the added advantage of a tour guide who was able to explain in detail all aspects of what we were shown. This is a", May 2015
18,5.0,Great experience,"What a hidden gem in Seoul.  Lots of people were questioning me if I was feeling too bored to go to such a place, but after all I think I was right persisting. The War and Women's Human Rights Museum makes you reflect truly on what it would be like being a comfort woman and so", August 2014
19,4.0,Stop Violence Against Women,"I went to this place with my wife and teenage daughter, and it was a truly meaning visit for all of us.  It's a small but valuable museum mainly focusing on victims of sex slavery by the Japanese before and during the World War Two, still an ongoing heated issue yet to be", July 2014
20,5.0,"Hard to find, but such an important museum","First, be aware that some people refer to this as the ""Comfort Women Museum.""  That is the topic of the museum, but not its official name.  Also be aware that this is a difficult place to find.  Considering how little English most cab drivers in Seoul speak, you may want to get", October 2013
21,5.0,A visit off the beaten path,"While there are many fun things to do in Seoul, such as the Trickeye museum, shopping and kpop galore, it is also worthwhile to take a visit to this museum. Touching upon a part of history that is still quite unknown to people (although there have been more attention to this", December 2012
