,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,:),"Nice place for tourist,  some tourist also wear there hanbok while visiting here. Also perfect for photo. ", April 2019
1,4.0,Well done,"A good visit, the exhibits were well put together and easy to understand. Lots to see, lovely entrance and well kept grounds. We spent a couple hours here as part of a day trip. There is a small gift shop and cafeteria.", October 2019
2,5.0,Worth a look,"Spent a couple of hours here. Interesting. Worth a visit, we visited it within a tour that we had booked.", February 2020
3,5.0,Spent 3 hours here!,"I decided to visit the museum at the last minute and it ended up being the highlight of my visit to Seoul.One floor was about Korean military history up to the Korean War and another floor was focussed on the Korean War. The displays and commentary were perfect - they gave enough detail without overloading you with information. It was very, very well done.Inside and outside of the museum there were displays of military equipment from both sides of the conflict.", February 2020
4,5.0,Very Proud to be Canadian,The whole museum is beautiful as it goes back to ancient times. What really got us feeling proud was the list of Canadian soldiers who died in defending Korea and it opened our eyes as to how that war got started in the first place. This was part of the one day DMZ trip., January 2020
5,4.0,& it's free!-),"amazing for what you 'pay' for;-) they even have a couple of inventive 3D-like theaters where in one they even simulate a blizzard with soap froth..-)there's a room where you learn how many countries helped korea during their communist war, & finally understood why koreans like to visit colombia (the only latin american one as far as i learned there that sent soldiers to help liberate south korea)..", July 2019
6,5.0,Must do experience,"Would def recommend a visit to this museum if you are into history.  lots of displays and information that is very interesting, also all the old war items outside are pretty cool! learnt lots visiting here and enjoyed it", January 2020
7,5.0,Very interesting and very moving,A great place for learning a lot about Korean history. Much of which I wonder why we never were taught in school (in Sweden). It is also a beautiful place to reflect and pay ones respect to the people who fought and shaped the world we live in today.The museum have chronological exhibits that are easy to navigate and understand. It displays exhibits from Korea's early days up to modern day.  We found that the three hours we had set aside was not enough so we came back a second time., January 2020
8,5.0,Wonderful Way to Honor The Ultimate Sacrifice of Freedom.,"As a veteran I am a lover of places that price and honor, the fellow and good military men and women of the past and present; Men and Women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for the sake of freedom and liberty. In this vein, I dedicate part of every travel we make with our company to search for Memorials and Museums of War.The War Memorial of Korea as expected for the history of this country, is no disappointment. It opened in 1994 on the former site of the army headquarters to exhibit and memorialize the military history of Korea and it holds an exquisite collection and memorabilia of several past wars ranging from prehistoric times with very rudimentary weapons; passing with extreme detail throughout the Korean War and the ROK Armed Forces until more modern conflicts and the presence of South Korea as an allied in the United Nations.13,000 items are displayed in six halls under different themes and about 100 large weapons are displayed in the outside exhibition area on the lawns around the building.Outside the building premises you can see a great variety of mobile units such as fixed-wing air-crafts like the De Havilland Canada U-6A Beaver, the Curtiss C-46D-20-CU Commando, also the Fairchild C-123J built in 1956 as a C-123B and later converted to a C-123J in the 1960s. Helicopters are also in the premises, such as the Bell AH-1J “International Cobra”, also the Bell UH-1B Iroquois, even Russian units as the Sikorsky H-5H Dragonfly and the Sikorsky HH-19B Chickasaw. But there are more mobile units such as armored vehicles, artillery and anti-aircraft guns. Missiles and several other maritime vessels like the Hurricane Aircat Air-boat used by ROK special forces during the Vietnam War and much more well kept pieces of war history are exhibited here at the War Memorial of Korea.The place definitely has been groomed to detail and has also a special glow about it; meaning a building with a soul. I truly recommend this place for the lovers of War History and War Artifacts and here you will also find a special place for the special connection we have with those who gave it all for the sake of freedom in South Korea and everywhere else.", January 2020
9,5.0,Interesting museum for all ages,"I planned to go here mainly for my boys (Ages 9 and 6) because they wanted to see tanks and planes but I surprisingly learned a lot. The guide we had, Mr. Kim was very knowledgeable and it was so interesting to see how grateful he was to the US and their help. He says if it wasn't for the US and their help, they would be a communist country under North Korea. It was interesting to hear the history from someone who actually experienced it. Definitely a must see!", January 2020
10,5.0,Easy to find at the samgaki line on the blue or orange lines.  five minute walk.,one of the must see museums in my opinion.  they did a great job presenting the Korean war and its immediate aftermath.  the museum used to be a bit too much propaganda but they have make it more objective = gone are the famous pictures of the happy children of South Korea and the starving children of North Korea.  that was a bit too much in my opinion.  the museum is close to the national museum (see my review) and the Samsun ilan museum in near by Itaewon.  Itaewon is still a good bet for lunch or dinner after musuem hopping., December 2019
11,5.0,Top Rated Museum for a Reason,"One of the most amazing museums I’ve ever been in, super interactive, well put together and breathtaking for any military personnel or enthusiast. Everything is in both English and Korean and the museum flows wonderfully. I would highly recommend this be a stop for anyone while in Seoul!!!!", January 2020
12,5.0,Wow,"I've never seen a war museum with such a big set up. Walked around for a few hours to see everything. The tanks, airplanes, helicopters outside are amazing and lots of history and displays inside. Also lots of videos available in English or with English subs.", January 2020
13,5.0,War & Peace,For more than 2 Millenia the museum is a detailed history of Korean and World History. Tragedy and triumph of the human spirit is on display for everyone to learn from. We really wish we had more time., January 2020
14,5.0,Take the English tour! ,11am and 2om English tour is a MUST! It is an amazing museum but it was made memorable with the story telling and explanation from the tour guide. I truly enjoyed my visit and I wish I have taken the guide at every museum I visit in Korea!  Btw the guide is only for the 2nd floor of the museum however it was more than enough to learn about the country's history., January 2020
15,3.0,booooooooring,"booooooooring , first off this is located in the middle of nowhere and is a pain in the ass to get too", January 2020
16,5.0,OUTSTANDING!,There is a reverence and appreciation so deep for the veteran both local and foreign.  We had the benefit of a guide which I would highly suggest.  There is many interactive exhibits and it worth your time., August 2019
17,4.0,An educational experience,The museum and the wonderful displays and layout really opened my eyes to the history of Korea. It seems the peninsula has been in constant conflict ending with the Korean War. I can highly recommend to spend a few hours. Unfortunately the outdoor exhibition was closed so no access to the tanks and airplanes., October 2019
18,4.0,An educational venue to learn the greater military details of the Korea War.,"People who are interested to know the military details of the Korean war must visit this war memorial. It provides a balanced perspective of the war in terms of campaigns, personnel involved, equipment used, casualties, etc.", December 2019
19,5.0,Great place to visit,"This was part of our ""alternative tour"" to the DMZ when that tour was canceled. It is a lovely and meaningful memorial and well worth the time.", December 2019
20,5.0,Incredible museum!,"The War Museum of Korea provides amazing detail and insights in the 3-year Korean conflict.  Extensive, high-quality exhibits and stories of affected people.  A highlight for me was the incredible array of planes, tanks and artillery pieces on display outside the museum building.  The museum is free and well worth a visit.", July 2019
21,5.0,walk thru korean history before kpop came about,Most notable is the section on the Korean War. We hope it doesn't happen again. Also for the new generations of Koreans to remember the sacrifice other nations gave to preserve their democracy., December 2019
22,4.0,War museum,"Very interesting especially for the older generation. Nicely done displays and informative. You can easily spend a half day browsing,some outdoor areas too.", September 2019
23,5.0,Superbly done,"This is an absolute must visit if you have the remotest interest in the history of South Korea (and if you come here you should). Brilliantly laid out, highly informative and pits theit current psyche re defence in context. Deeply respectful of the nations that helped them as part of the UN forces.Leave yourself a whole day to do this place justice.  Good cafe but even better Bagel place to the left side if the main entrance behind the statue with the clock.", December 2019
24,5.0,Must see,This is a must when visiting Seoul! We approached the front desk when arriving and asked for a audio guide in English but were instead offered a guided tour which was very pleasant. Our guide was Chenz who was very knowledgeable and friendly and offered a great deal of information., December 2019
25,5.0,Outstanding museum. ,This museum was so well done. Very respectful and dignified. There is a new section covering the history of the ROK military including women. A cafe upstairs and down. Great static displays inside and out., December 2019
26,5.0,A sobering site that was brilliant to see during the day!,"Apart from the trademark nightllfe, the greater Itaewon area also offers this gem of an attraction during the day.It was a sobering history lesson to be confronted by the vast degree of suffering  experienced by korea during its martyrdom during the 1950s Korean War.", December 2019
27,4.0,Musuem Korea War,A must do when visiting Seoul: the war museum with a very nice indoor exposition about the history of the Korean war. The outside expo is not bad however the planes and tanks are suffering from being outdoor., December 2019
28,5.0,The best gave their all,Very impressive and to a military person it will mean a lot to see what was done and how it was done., April 2019
29,5.0,Very Informative,This is attached to the National Museum of Korea - didn't realise it was actually two different listings.... We spent just on 2 hours here combined and didn't even do a tour (missed the english guide by 10mins).  Lots of information and plenty to explore outside., October 2019
30,5.0,"Part memorial, part museum","It feels slightly odd writing a review of a war memorial on the wall of which are the names of tens of thousands of dead. Nevertheless, the museum is a great chronology of Korean history told through wars. There are plenty of explanatory films - many in English - and some excellent exhibits. Sobering, though.", November 2019
31,5.0,Plan on some time,More than you think.  Allows you to get deep into Korea History and military culture.  Plan on at least three hours and take your time. Great job by the archivists., December 2019
32,4.0,Great visit,"Super interesting museum about Koreas wars. Not only the Korean War, but also some before it. The only thing is that if you go alone, without audioguide or guide, you won’t understand much, since 95% of the things are in Korean.", December 2019
33,5.0,Good experience and info of KOREA,"Kids enjoy the visit , able to be on the war ships, helicopter and even the jet fighter. Very well kept, safe environment for kids. Its free, only pay for the parking.", November 2019
34,5.0,The War Memorial of Korea,"The War Memorial of Korea is a massive complex dedicated to the exhibition and to memorialize the military history of Korea. It has outstanding dioramas,military equipment and visuals which highlights the military history of Korea.  Most of all is an extensive detailing of the past Korean War which divided the country into North and South.  It is an extensive area to explore and so much information to digest.  It is an outstanding educational display.  The exterior of this memorial also has an extensive display of military air crafts and equipment.  It is also a wonderful area for family to visit and explore.  One could easily spend a half a day in this complex.  A most remarkable and educative experience.", November 2019
35,5.0,Must visit,"Even if you don’t like war memorials, this museum is definitely worth visiting. I actually enjoy these museums because it is not idolizing the wars, but reminding us the importance of peace and it’s true cost paid by those who lived and died.I have been rather disappointed by many of the museums in Korea. I expect places to be large, but way too many of them have been tiny. This place is grand and has many interesting displays that make it worth your time. It is free, so that assumption is hard to make. The place is clean, easy to navigate and fun for the whole family. Remember that the wars commemorated here are related to Korea but many nations are represented because the world cared about defeating evil at one point. Wasn’t all about profits and greed.Whole visit should be about 2 hours if you are a casual goer.", December 2019
36,5.0,Korean War Museum - Excellent to Visit,"Wow !  Was totally surprised when I visited the War Museum of Korea.   Amazing history of the country from the beginnings of time.  A lot of detail, military weapons , dress and history.   Very nicely displayed.  Recommend for the history enthusiast.", November 2019
37,5.0,A tale of two countries longing for unity ,"The memorial show cases the long Korean war and the exhibits tell the history of the two Korea's and the devastation brought about by the war.What is memorable is that despite the cold relations between the two countries, there is a longing for unity in the hearts of the citizens. These are well brought out by various sculptures on the lawns of the memorial. One very moving statue is is the 'Statue of brothers' where a South Korean Soldier hugs his younger brother who is serving  in the North Korean army, on the battle field. This statue is on top of a dome with a wide crack, which symbolises the separation of the two Korea's and the hope for unification. Fighter planes, tanks, artillery and naval weapons used in the Korean war are on display on the lawns of the memorial. A must visit if you are in Seoul", April 2019
38,5.0,So worth visiting.,"This is a huge exhibition and needs quite some time to take it all in ,inside and out ,need to do it again.", November 2019
39,5.0,Enlightening Visit.,The tour was great.  It was sad to see how many people died but happy to see the scene when the Korean flag was raised.  Great history lesson., October 2019
40,5.0,great place to visit all free,"lots of people, but not crowdy , lot of exibition to see, lots of history, but all in very good condition, very clean.it will take you about 2 hours for your visit.", November 2019
41,5.0,"Not crowded, nice leisure to learn about history of Korea ! ","The War Memorial of Korea ..... an educational history lesson. Have not visit museums for sometime, this stood out to be interesting and informative ! It is a beautiful place and definitely worth at least a couple of hours of your time in Seoul....", November 2019
42,5.0,Well done museum,"As you walk towards the entrance, seeing the names of every soldier who died in the Korean War was a somber reminder of the price for freedom.  The museum itself was well laid out and clean.  Full of history and a good memorial.Would recommend.", November 2019
43,5.0,Surprisingly well done,"I try to avoid war type memorials, but this one turned out to be probably the best museum in Seoul. Really good, mostly unbiased review of the wars on the Korean Peninsula. Enough english to keep it interesting. The art pieces were particularly well though out and you can't beat the price (free!). I'd argue this is a must visit while in Korea.", November 2019
44,5.0,Several hours well spent,I spent a rainy afternoon here by myself. I didn't spend too much time on the prehistoric history sections. Most of my time was spent on the second and third floors. It was very informative. I loved the interactive exhibits. I will definitely be back again., November 2019
45,5.0,A monument to one of Korea's darkest times ,Visit if you are even a bit interested in learning about Korean history and specially about the 1950-53 Korean War. It's a beautiful monument and surely worth a couple of hours of your time. I was surprised to learn that an Indian medical contingent was in Korea during the war and that the Indian flag flies along with the Korean flag and the flags of all the countries that played a role in the war., November 2019
46,5.0,Don't miss this great place,An excellent place to visit. Well prepared information for tourists. The volunteers give you a very good guide in different languages. Lots to see and you can spend a whole afternoon there.  A place likely missed by many tourists but is very worthwhile experience. Take the metro and walk for about 10 minutes., November 2019
47,5.0,Informative,"Great place to learn about the Japan-Korea war, I had very little knowledge before going. By the time I left, I learned a whole lot. Definitely visit if you have the time and you are in Itaewon area.", December 2018
48,5.0,Outstanding attraction! ,"We visited as part of a Seoul city tour and wish we could have returned to spend more time here. Emjoyed the bronze statues outside as part of the plaza. Wonderful displays inside. The memorial hall caused me to reflect deeply on the toll of human life that was lost. We sat in on an interactive presentation in a theater where the seats moved and we were right in the nose cone of a bomber plane, right on the landing beach, right in the middle of an air fight... Oh, my, so realistic and well done. Don't miss this!", October 2019
49,5.0,Quiet and peaceful time at the memorial,"The memorial is easy to get to by train, and it is very quiet and not crowded with tourists. There are many things to read and objects of history to see in their museum. If you like to visit museums and read about their historical timeline, and visit quiet places, this place is good. We did not get to finish walking the whole place as it was closing soon.", December 2018
50,4.0,Heard it was a “must see”,"This is a very tastefully done audio visual explanation of the history of South and North Korea.  The various rooms inform visitors of aspects of the war period and the U.N. and specifically, U. S.’s involvement.There is sufficient signage or videos for English-speaking visitors.", November 2019
51,5.0,A great museum,An in depth look into the Korea war Dedicated at least a couple of hours as there are .any inrersting exhibits, November 2019
52,5.0,Know More about the Korean War,A must place to visit if you want to know more about what happened before and during the Korean war. Quite moving displays and a lot of information given. All Allied countries who joined in this war (including the Philippines) are also honored in this museum.The military history of Korea is also displayed here., October 2019
53,5.0,Interesting,A wonderful museum that encompasses thousands of years.Very well done and very surprising that it was free., November 2019
54,5.0,Huge and free ,"The war memorial was a lot better than I thought, I wish I spent more time here to see all the floors and exhibitions. Reply well run and it’s free", November 2019
55,5.0,It's a War Museum,"I thought this was going to be a museum about the Korean War but I was wrong, it covers the history of warfare on the Korean Peninsula since like the dawn of time haha.  There are displays of ancient arrowheads and things like that, as well as displays covering warfare in the area for the past thousand years etc.  One of the better ""war theme"" musuems I've visited.  It's very educational, and ""dense"", so not sure if it would be great for kids TBH.  But historically important to understand what happened in Korea and why it is divided etc.  I recommend this museum but only if you find the topic really interesting / enjoy history.  There is also an outdoor area with planes and tanks and stuff.", November 2019
56,5.0,Best attraction in Seoul by a mile,"This should be the top attraction in Seoul, an amazing museum with huge outdoor areas where you can board warships and get up close and personal to warplanes and tanks! A good place to understand Seoul’s history and the sacrifices made by many nations around the world.", November 2019
57,5.0,"Educational and interesting, South Korea is born.","Many may not know exactly how South Korea became the country it is today or why there is so much tension with North Korea but this will explain a lot. There is the usual displays of military hardware but there is a very informative section on the Korean War and how things got to be where they are today. Check ahead to find out if there are performances on the huge parade square that showcase Korea’s traditional and modern army, it is colourful and interesting to watch. South Korea is a proud nation and this is worth taking time to see.", October 2019
58,5.0,Interesting ,"A good way to understand the awful war that has been forgotten by so many. 1,8m dead...  a must see in Seoul", October 2019
59,5.0,Amazing museum - best to take in several kvisits,We have visited this museum several times. There is so much to take in that we see parts every time we visit Seoul. This year we focused on the Korean War. The outside area is an added bonus - and kids especially love it!, October 2019
60,4.0,Memorial ,"English signs throughout. Lots of things to see and discussions of the War widely covered in an array of formats; written, video, display etc.", October 2019
61,5.0,Very interesting!,"Learned a lot about the Korean war and the UN's involvement. Fascinating. Then war planes, submarines, ships, and cannons displayed outside were awesome as well.", October 2019
62,5.0,Amazing,One of the best museums I have ever been to. Very impressive and full of facts about Korea in general but the Korean War especially. Well worth it., October 2019
63,5.0,2 hours if solo,38th parallel means more with the museumthe flags reminded me of the unity behind any Olympics go thru the comparison between the north and south armaments before the u.n. intervened.  massacres. surprise attacks.  and the similarities with the Vietnam war., October 2019
64,5.0,Strongly recommended,"Whether or not you are familiar with the several successive Korean tragedies of the 20th century, you should make a point of going to this museum and monument.  It is made all the more moving by seeing the waves and waves of joyous schoolchildren of different ages as well as the young soldiers making their way through the exhibits.  Chalk out at least 3 hours to do this place justice.", October 2019
65,5.0,Don't miss this!,"The exhibitions were interesting. They open until 10 pm every Tuesday. Don't miss the 4D show on 2nd floor. Very easy to come here, just take the sybway to Samgakji Station, Exit 12.", October 2019
66,5.0,Amazing History,Plan to spend half a day to a full day or two to fully appreciate this Memorial /Museum. Unfortunately the tour I was on only allowed for a a couple of hours (completely insufficient). Well presented and poignant., October 2019
67,5.0,Great place to visit,A wonderful place to visit. It has a museum that is huge and an outside exhibits with airplanes and weapons from the Korean War, October 2019
68,4.0,Informative,"A must see for military history buffs, take you through centuries of Korean history, with a entire floor and a half dedicated to Korean War.", October 2019
69,5.0,Brilliant Exhibition and Appropriate Remembrance,"The memorial monuments on the forecourt acknowledge the roles of other nations in securing freedom for Sth Korea and recognise that the Korean War was a struggle of brother against brother. The comparative size imagery of Sth Korean  vs Nth Korean suggests more than just little and big brother.Outside there is also one of the best military machinery displays we’ve seen: tanks, planes (including a B52) and a ship.When you move inside the exhibits lead you through the chronology of the war with the use of static displays, maps, artefacts and audio/visual material. If you can’t get to the DMZ because of African Swine Fever, or any other reason, this is a good alternative.", October 2019
70,5.0,An interesting museum.,"Certainly an interesting museum, could easily spend a couple of hours there. Free entry and rather easy to get to. Almost all of the exhibits had signs in English as well as Korean. Unfortunately on my visit some of both the inside and outside exhibits were closed to renovation", September 2019
71,5.0,Very Interesting,Our family of 4 spent several hours here looking at the displays and watching the short films.  Moving and informative., October 2019
72,5.0,Half a day at least,"First visited with my 8 year old twins in Sep. Entrance is free. I truly enjoyed the complimentary English tour conducted by a lady in her 70s who lived through the war. Her stories we so captivating and touching I had to hold my tears in many occasions.  We didn’t get to visit the Children’s Museum as it was fully booked but the kids spent more than an hour playing at the play area outside the Children’s museum. They were in awed with the fighter jets and tanks on display. Just visited the museum again today with my 15year old, our English guide today was a 17 year old high school boy. He was well versed with the basic history and professional with the job assigned. However, nothing beats having the story told by one who had first hand experience but it’s not fair to compare with the 17 year old as I think he did put effort to do his best. We spent 3 hours going through all the exhibits with a coffee break in between at the cafe on ground floor. They serve nice coffee, bun with red bean and cream filling and especially love their ciabatta sandwich with chicken and cheese filling. Will go back again for the Children’s museum.", October 2019
73,5.0,This is an amazing museum!,"This is not a war museum.  This is the Korean War museum.  It is beautiful and incredible. If you have a heart it will bring tears to your eyes.  There are testaments to all of the countries that helped defend them from North Korea, China and Russia.  It is a soulful and beautiful place.  The names of every person who died defending South Korea are listed on etched marble, by country and state therein.  There are also several galleries with information.  it was a moving experience.", October 2019
74,3.0,Not much english,"Good for an afternoon, loss to see and do. I though it would be a bit boring as really not into war stuff. I was pleasantly surprised, liked walking around all the aircrafts.", October 2019
75,5.0,Great display,"We visited by subway to Namyeong Station exit 1.It is 200 metres away.There are war memorials and a  collection of artillery,aircraft,and armour outside.We also enjoyed boarding the Naval vessel.The museum inside has video displays,photos and weapons.Both are free.Great for families.", August 2019
76,4.0,Interesting history,Interesting War Memorial even I prefer some other time instead of the Korean War.But really organized and well presented and well served by busses and others public services.You can enjoy your visit., October 2019
77,5.0,Moving memorial for the Korean War,"Wonderful museum/memorial. An excellent place to learn about the Korean war. Plenty of English signs and English speaking guided tours. They have artifacts from Russia, North Korea, South Korea, and America from the Korean War. They have a wall  in the front of the museum where they have posted plaques for each of the American states and listed all the Americans who died in the Korean War.  Very moving.  Fun fact - the museum has one of General MacArthur's corn cob pipes.", September 2019
78,4.0,Interesting,"This was a really interesting visit, especially for someone like me who wasn't familiar with the situation in Korea prior to The Korean War. You could spend hours at this place as there's not only the indoor exhibition hall but stuff to see outdoor (eg memorial, planes/submarines).", October 2019
79,5.0,Brilliant ,"This is a superb museum/memorial.Thought provoking, interesting, an excellent place to learn about the struggles Korea has faced as a nation over the years.Plenty of English labelling and the also have English speaking guided tours if you want one.Free entry & a must see whilst you’re in Seoul.", October 2019
80,5.0,Museum ,"Great day, some of the items were closed but it was still worth the visit. It's free! Lots to see. Very large spread area.", September 2019
81,5.0,"Fantastic memorial, worth it for everyone","Definitely must make a trip to this memorial--my seven year old son loved looking around all of the exhibits, and we easily spent 2.5 hours here. A lot of rich history to be learned, and there are loads of translations in English, Chinese, and Japanese. Easy to get to, about a 5min walk from Samjaki Line 6 station. Every detail of this memorial has been thought out so well, and there are so many amazing places to see here. Free entry as well.", October 2019
82,5.0,Amazing memorial,"A beautiful memorial to honor those who served in the Korean War. It gives awesome insight to what was happening in Korea as well as the world. This beautiful place honors those who deserve honor. Korea is a beautiful place with a sad history. We had a tour guide that said, ""We can't change our history, but we can change our future."" I was thankful for the opportunity to learn more about that history.", September 2019
83,4.0,Interesting exhibition,"Interesting exhibition with a lot of detail in an imposing building. The 4D films are a bit contrived and cartoonish as are some of the rooms, but overall an interesting way to learn about the Korean War.", September 2019
84,4.0,Well worth a visit,"This is a great place to understand the history of Korea, dating right back to 900BC! Entry is free. You can get here via Samjaki station and you enter on the South side.One full days itinerary could be:1. Was memorial2. National Museum of Korea3. Ichon Hangang riverside park4. Seoul national cemetery", October 2019
85,5.0,Incredible for Korean and 20th Century History Buffs,"My visit to The War Memorial of Korea was very insightful, as I was able to take in a lot of history of South Korea and the 20th century. It was an incredible overall experience.", September 2019
86,5.0,Excellent museum with plenty in English.,"And it is free.  Outside are plenty of airplanes, tanks, boats including one recently shot up by North Korea.  But be sure to go inside to see the exhibits of not just the Korean war, but ancient warriors and ROK's participation in Vietnam.", September 2019
87,5.0,Incredibly informative,This is a 3F museum with history inside and outside with the inside including history from the dawn of the korean people to the current day practically after the separation of the two Koreas. There is so much information I didnt see it all. Outside there are flags for each country that helped South Korea in the war against the communists and inside includes info on the communist allies China and Russia under stalin. The outdoor exhibits include old war vehicles and giant statues and reliefs of people / soldiers. I can't express what's really inside except that it is a really informative memorial/museum. Entry is free. Lockers provided and a cafe inside., September 2019
88,5.0,Well Presented,"I have visited the War Memorial of Korea over the past several years and it seems to improve with each visit.  The information is well presented and honors Soldiers from all nations that contributed to the war efforts.  There are many floors/exhibitions to visit and it can be a bit much for just one visit - thankfully the museum is easily access from the metro (just off Samgaki Station - line 4 or 6, exit 10/12 or Namyeong Station - line 1, exit 1) and general admission is free.  There is an outdoor exhibit for children and the interior is appropriate for all ages, may appeal more to older children.  I would highly recommend a visit to put things in perspective during your visit to Korea.", September 2019
89,5.0,Impressive!!! ,"Seoul has many state funded museums and forms the ones I've visited or know of, all are well presented. It seems little is spared to put on a hood, high quality show. The National War Museum is no different. It showcases her military history from the earliest period up to the Korean War. You'd be surprised that Korea is not the doormat people perceive. But a proud and sophicated nation. There are things on display that you would not expect and not mentioned in books elsewhere. I've seen pictures of the turtle boat, but to sea in person is a nice experience. Yes is a scaled replica, but it's still impressive. There is also the large outdoor display. With a number of Korean War period planes and tanks. Also other retired items of hardware. You'd have to pay good money to see this elsewhere, but all free in Seoul. There is a B52 bomber, which is smaller than I thought. At the time of my visit, done halls and the outdoor display was closed off for maintenance. There are plenty of toilets, most displays have English and I suppose the only let down is that the giftshop. You can spend a fair few hours here.", September 2019
90,4.0,Nice visit,"If you like war museums, this is the place for you. I learned a lot and was quite impressed with the gratitude expressed to the 21 nations that contributed troops or support.", September 2019
91,5.0,A Gem for History and Military Buffs,"Last fall, I timed my visit here to coincide with a free Honor Guard Ceremony that took place at 2 p.m. on Fridays between mid-October and the end of November. I found it fascinating to watch the military band, marchers in colorful attire and displays of military precision on the massive space in front of the memorial’s entrance. But I was even more absorbed later by the museum’s displays, both inside and outside .Focused mainly on the Korean War (1950-53), the three floors of rooms also include a look at Korea’s history of resisting foreign aggression, such as the defeat of a large Khitan army in 1019. The Korean War rooms take visitors from what led to the Southward invasion by North Korea to the Armistice and the role of the United Nations. Nicely curated, the rooms present the nation’s War history through objects, films and information boards, which have many details in English.The outside exhibits display memorials and statues, such as “The Brothers,” which is the symbol of the Korean War and symbolizes reconciliation, love and forgiveness. The big bronze depicts a true story of two brothers, one from the South and the other from the North, embracing after meeting on the battlefield. I found this piece to be extremely moving.On the East side of the complex, I was amazed by the overwhelming number of big items displayed, related to the Korean War. These include aircraft. such as a bomber and a helicopter, and armored vehicles. Visitors are invited to explore the artifacts, and I saw many taking advantage of the opportunity. The War Memorial is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Tuesday through Sunday, and offers free admission. Subway lines 4 and 6 have a stop (Samgakji) nearby. Take Exit 12. If coming here in the spring or fall, when the Honor Guard Ceremony is held, consider checking on its schedule to include It in your visit.", November 2018
92,5.0,A must see!,This museum is simply amazing. I could try and describe it but I simply won’t do it any justice. This is a must see for anyone visiting Korea. You won’t be disappointed!, June 2019
93,5.0,Worth spending time,"A large number of war exhibits. Both modern and ancient ones. Loved the 4D experience. Such detailed explanations about the history of the Korean war and the course of the war. Makes us gain great respect for the Korean community. ""Freedom is not free"" for sure!", September 2019
94,5.0,Must see before DMZ visit,"Carefully architected with a beautiful garden. But most of all, it is an entertaining way to get a better understanding of the North/South Korea cease fire that continues from 1950 up until today.If you have no historical background or if you already know a lot, the setup and displays are intelligently crafted to cater for all type of audiences.", September 2019
95,5.0,"Beautiful, touching, a must see","From the moment you walk into the building, you can feel the solemnity of the environment. The combination of minimalistic decorations sometimes contrasts with the sheer size of some of the exhibits; giving me always that feeling that peace is easy and simple, but only if we really make that great decision to make it our goal, instead of the side effect of overtaking others by force.I fell in love with South Korea, and this place had a good part in that.", November 2018
96,5.0,Freedom is not free,"That’s the poignant catch phrase that sums up the general feel of the War memorial.There are indoor and outdoor exhibits that makes this old school museum a sight to behold.   The exhibits are grouped into 2 main rooms - one from the north’s and one from the south’s perspectives.  There are complimentary tours with a volunteer doyenne and I barely made it to the 2pm session with Chang (there’s one more at 10am) although there is plenty of English explanation and if you use the guided audio, you’d be in good stead! Chang brought life to our walk, particularly when he provided a glimpse to his life as a Korean War survivor (he was barely 3 then) and how his ancestral home was South according to the 38 Parallel but because of the DMZ, now belonged to the North, and he’s rendered homeless.  If you know how much the Koreans repeat nay treasure their ancestral hometowns, you can almost hear his angst through his thick accented English.Yet his gratitude and humility shone through.All in all an educational tour.  And a must see.  Set aside 3-4 hours to go through the exhibits thoroughly!", September 2019
97,5.0,Engaging and honoring,"Large museum with engaging presentation of historical facts. Outdoor area has real military equipment, including planes, tanks and boats, some of which can be climbed on or in. Indoor area has multiple video displays or 4d movies, as well as standard plaques.A couple floors dedicated to the Korean war, while another floor has ancient war history, including a very cool scale replica of a turtle ship.Very tasteful and honoring memorial to fallen soldiers and overall great presentation of historical facts on the Korean war. I plan to come to this museum whenever I visit Seoul.", September 2019
98,5.0,One of the best war museum ,This is the place where you will understand everything about the Korean war! Good English speaking guide!, September 2019
99,5.0,Not to be missed!,"We visited this with a South Korean friend, but missed the English tour - nevertheless, it's an absolute must-see for you to understand the recent history and current climate of this land.  We would love to return and join the English tour, but lots of the signs and videos are in English, so I'm guessing we probably didn't miss too much information.  Such a poignantly expressed display, we were deeply moved and touched by the depth of emotion behind the presentations.  No spoilers, just make it a point to go and spend a few hours there - well worth your time!", August 2019
100,5.0,"A Distant Obligation, honourably discharged","Moving, sad and fascinating. Worth a half day visit if you're in Seoul. Closed on Monday's (we made that mistake first time).", September 2019
101,5.0,A Must Visit,This is a poignant reminder of what happened during the  korean war. It is very big so allot some time to be able to appreciate this museum. At the back are old planes that were used and a boat where you can go up and take pictures. At the entrance of the museum are the flags of all the countries that helped them during the war and a short message of what their contribution is to the koreans. I like it that they write each message in English and in the native language of each country. A must see in when you visit Korea, September 2019
102,5.0,Memorial Visit,If you have time to visit this museum you will learn so much about the history of the Wars in Korea. One of the best museums we have ever visited and well worth seeing. Allow at least a half a day or more to make sure you get to see all that the museum has on show., August 2019
103,5.0,History of the now Korea,This museum will teach you all you need to know about the war in Korea and the story behind North and south Korea. You should check it out if you have time for it., October 2018
104,5.0,Much Cooler than you Imagined,"The history of the war is particularly interesting for a visitor from the US. Go, even if you think you won't enjoy it. It's a good experience and you'll know where you are in a more real way.", May 2019
105,5.0,A Must See,"We got here late so we had very little time to peruse the grounds, but we did have time to see the memorial and find the names of our relatives. It is an amazing place and allows one to realize the full cost of the Korean War to all the countries that participated. I had no idea so many countries were involved. Note of caution: If you take the Hop On, Hop Off bus, they drop you have quite a distance from the entrance. That is why we were late. It's a long walk.", August 2019
106,5.0,Tremendous,"The best military museum I’ve ever seen.  Korea’s War Memorial has about 650,000 square-feet under roof, and more than 60 fixed-wing aircraft, choppers, tanks, artillery pieces, missiles, and naval vessels outside in the rain.  You get a crash course in the history of Korean warfare from neolithic spear-fights to modern times:  civil wars between ancient ethnic groups, invasions by the Chinese, Japanese, Mongols, Manchus and so on; the centuries-long Japanese pirate fleet threat; the 19th century attacks by various Western powers; all the way up to the Vietnam War, when more than a third of a million ROK troops supported Saigon.Most of these wars, battles, sieges, victories and defeats will be terra incognita to foreign visitors.  But it’s all interesting and well-presented.  Curatorship is outstanding.   21st century technology helps: if you see locals watching any animation on pirate fleets, city-wall sieges, et cetera, stop and watch the spectacle with them.Most military museums focus on generals and admirals, soldiers and sailors, strategy, tactics, and the various regiments or battleships involved in the fighting.  The War Memorial goes beyond the fighting forces to also provide information about non-combatants.  This is underscored before you even walk into the museum, in monumental statues of both soldiers and the victims of war (see The Warriors and The Victims photos).  Not surprisingly, half the indoor area is focused on the 1950s Korean War.  I walked in with a fair grasp of the military changes of fortune in that war: such as the North’s surprise attack, which captured Seoul within 48 hours.  What I’d never known before was that not only did the Northerners carefully plan exactly how and when they’d attack, but they also carefully planned the sweeping atrocities they would inflict on the civilian population of Seoul as soon as they captured the city.  If you were on their list, you and your family disappeared within 48 hours of takeover; thousands were on their list.The museum’s information on the war is sweeping.  The commitments made to the North by Stalin and Mao prior to the attack, Douglas MacArthur’s determination to turn the tide with the Inchon landings against the opinion of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the massive winter counter-attack of Chinese forces, are all presented clearly and cogently.  The Korean War is also unusual because of the ROK’s powerful ally: the United Nations fought on their side.  There have been UN peace-keeping missions since, to the Balkans and other areas, but never again anything like this.  Two dozen nations from Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia and both North and South America fought under the UN flag, to save the people and legitimate government of Korea.  Several rooms of the museum focus on the UN decision, and the UN leadership of Trygve Lie.  The museum notes that immediately upon hearing of the attack on the ROK, Lie called an emergency meeting of the Security Council for the next day, and the UN support for the ROK was proposed, argued, revised and passed the same day.  The museum names the countries which supported the UN resolution, the one who abstained (Tito’s Yugoslavia), and the member state which was absent: the USSR.  (It doesn’t mention one interesting bit: the USSR’s delegate was refusing to attend UN meetings over a totally different issue—the seating of the PRC—another partner in the attack.  But had he attended, I believe the USSR could simply have vetoed the resolution, in which case the ROK wouldn’t have been defended under the UN banner, and the UN in all likelihood would have gone down the drain like the League of Nations.)  At any rate, you get to see a diorama of Douglas MacArthur receiving the UN flag that they’d all be fighting under (see UN Flag photo).  A large area of one floor provides information on every nation that sent military personnel to Korea, as well as every nation that sent medical personnel (some of India’s and Denmark’s noncombatant personnel also died in Korea).  Each of these countries has a special area in the museum, where you can learn how they contributed, how long they were in Korea, where they fought, and how many died (see Thailand Display photo).  The information for each country is in Korean, English, and that country’s national language:  Greece’s in Greek; Colombia’s in Spanish, and so on.  Since Belgium  is bilingual, you can read or hear about Belgian forces in Korean, English, French or Nederlands.  This United Nations aspect of the war is symbolized before you even enter the museum, by the national flags of the contributing states flying in a semi-circle around of the facade (see International Flags photo).  Each of the national stories is interesting.  Luxembourg’s infantrymen were integrated for the duration with the Belgians, and although the headcount of Luxembourg fighting forces was small, as a percentage of total national population, it was one of the highest of any of the countries.  Turkey sent a brigade-size integrated unit of artillery, ordinance, engineering and transport, which inflicted ten times more enemy casualties that it received.In 1950, there were only three independent counties in sub-Saharan Africa; all three contributed.  South Africa sent pilots.  Liberia supported civilian relief.  I thought Ethiopia’s story was the most amazing of all.  Haile Selassie was a strong proponent of collective security; he’d appealed for support from the League of Nations when Mussolini invaded Ethiopia, and hadn’t gotten it.  So he wanted Ethiopia to help Korea, another innocent country, but Ethiopia had no army.  Solution: the Emperor sent his Palace Guards!  The guardsmen weren’t trained for combat, so US instructors gave them a three-month crash course, and attached them to the US 7th Infantry Division.  The Imperial Guard did just fine: the museum has videos of them marching upcountry where, among other battles, they fought at Pork Chop Hill.  The museum also addresses the impact of the war on individual men and women of the allied nations.  For example, an Aussie who left his pregnant wife to go to Korea, died there; his wife never remarried; more than half a century later her ashes were buried in the Korean grave of the husband she lost in her youth (see Mrs Shepherd photo).  Another Australian widow, Nancy Hummerston, was buried at Korea’s UN Memorial Cemetery even more recently, in 2010, sixty years after Captain Hummerston died defending the ROK.I spent the best part of a day here, and could have spent longer had they not been closing.  Among my favorite sights were:* A replica of an 500-year old dragon-bowed Korean battleship, reduced to frigate size so it would fit in the central courtyard, but still impressive (Battleship photo).* A grand gallery of military paintings around the walls of that courtyard, including Korea’s crushing defeat of a French invasion force sent by Napoleon III in 1866 (Kapkot-Jin photo; that same year Napoleon III’s army was also beaten by the Mexicans; figuring the odds of losing three in a row were negligible, the III-time loser then declared war on Prussia).  * Korean “knights” using trident-spears rather than the lances of their European counterparts (see Trident Knight photo)* An ingenious ancient Korean contraption for rapid fire of multiple arrows (see Gatling Bow photo).* Something for the children, a miniature Korean castle they can climb onto to man the bastions (Hawseong Fortress photo)* A huge drum commemorating the 60th anniversary of the founding of the ROK armed forces (Mother of All War-Drums photo).   *  A modest little inflatable Aircat airboat used by the ROK for river and marsh reconnaisance in Vietnam, and equipped with A60 machine-guns.   This beaut is outdoors with the other military hardware: big impressive fighters, bombers, heavy artillery and tanks, so the little fellow goes virtually unnoticed.  But back home in south Louisiana, “Cajuns” down on the bayous use airboats to get around in the swamps, where they hunt alligators for gumbo.  You could hunt any number and size of ‘gators you liked, if you had an A60 machine-gun on board! (ROK Aircat photo).* Also outdoors but much nearer the street, a 20-year-old exact replica of the tallest of all Korean monuments, a four-sided monster 6.39 meters high, inscribed with 1,770 Chinese calligraphs.  The original still exists, but was carted off to China long ago, and isn’t likely to be returned anytime soon. An impressive placard informs us that “The monument of King Gwanggaeto the Great (391-413) was built by his son, King Jangsu (413-491) in 414 BC in Gungnaeseong, the capital city of Goguryeo,” to honor his father’s conquests and the founding of the kingdom.  And in small print, we’re also advised  that “The translation of the inscription was advised by experts in the relevant fields in 2005.” Apparently chronology wasn’t one of the “relevant fields” that anybody was an expert in, since 414 BC precedes 391-413 BC, rather than following it.  Still, it’s an impressive replica of Korea’s grandest ancient monument.  (Monumental Error photo).", August 2019
107,5.0,An Army Museum,It is in fact an army weapons and  history museum. Very large and large rooms sometimes complicate to navigate. English. Interesting mini video shows. Nice courtyard., August 2019
108,5.0,Heroes,"We are Turks and we are proud of heroes that live with us forever. All the nations that are included in the war are seen with their names, flags and clothes.", August 2019
109,4.0,Impressive,"Visited here for two hours and I wish I’d been able to spend more time. Very impressive memorial with lots of displays covering centuries of conflict on the Korean Peninsula. Goes well back in time, not just focusing on the Korean War. Great displays everywhere.", August 2019
110,5.0,Highly Recommend,"I visited the War Museum of Korea with 3 teenagers in August 2019. They are not big fans of any museums or history related places, but they really spent good time there. It was not boring at all. The architecture of the War Museum itself is amazing and the display was quite excellent. There are plenty of videos, 3D participation, and good explanation in English. I highly recommend War Museum of Korea to anyone who visit Korea.", August 2019
111,5.0,Great museum and lots to see and learn,I learned a lot just this museum visit.  Very well laid out and there is a great deal of information presented.  Spent about 2.5 hours there and could have spent a few more.Very well designed museum and worth a visit if you're into history or just want to understand more about the evolution of Korea as a country in the past decade., August 2019
112,5.0,Impressive and interesting,"A beautiful, sad museum, which summarizes Korea's history of wars through the ages, including airplanes, tanks and weapons from the war of the Korea's in 1950. There are signs in English, a clear sense of order, and the place is very respectful of the sacrifices made.", August 2019
113,1.0,Amazing museum but racist worker,"Very interesting museum but the wonderful visit were wasted by some racist worker. As we were waiting for the line for an animated room (incheon landing 4D simulation) with a 15 people capacity and 30minutes long waiting line between the sessions, the staff member who were in charge of the line had the audacity to put first 4 korean girls who came after us. Indeed, she went to talk to them then one of them started to give us some weird glances. Then when it was the time to enter the room the 4 Korean girls quickly  took the 3D glaces and run in the entry. We were 3 and she came to us at the end to give us the glaces but only 2 remained...when we told her that we were there before and we were going in together she went to give the glaces to the people behind us. We tried to complain but she brushed us off and completely ignored us. Even though we stayed very polite we were really disappointed by this unfair experience.", August 2019
114,5.0,The memorial complex and the military Museum are very interesting!,"It will be interesting for those who are interested in the history of Korea. Very informative! Many rooms with exhibits, there is a real combat equipment Equipped area for watching documentaries about the war in Korea.", July 2019
115,5.0,Visit to Seoul ,War memorial is perfect place to closely learn about history and sacrifice of Korean people It also shows countries who stood by and against Korea Very nice building and perfect place must visit, August 2019
116,5.0,Amazing Modern Museum,"This museum was included in our Seoul City Tour company's tour of N Seoul Tower, Hanok Village and Korean War Memorial.  This museum is a Traveler's Choice Award museum and it does deserve this.  This is a huge modern multi media museum that was free to go into.I concentrated on the section that covered the Korean War.  I did not understand this war before going to this museum but I do understand why it happened now.  I wish that I would have had more time to spend on this museum because they had other indoor displays and lots of outdoor sights as well.  1 1/2 hours was just not enough time.", May 2019
117,5.0,Thing you have to see!,Very educational.on work day wasn’t crowded.loved everything especially outside!lots of pics and fun!, August 2019
118,4.0,Educational museum,"On a rainy day museum was crowded, noisy kids running around. Worth to visit still, I learned a lot of Korean war history and felt nice how they remembered for example all UN partners in Korean war. Intresting how they linked modern technology with paintings and sculptures.", July 2019
119,5.0,A must see if you are visiting Seoul.,This is a must-see if you are visiting Seoul. Especially if you are interested in military history. It takes you through all the military conflicts involving South Korea., July 2019
120,5.0,The war memorial of Korea.,"A huge memorial location with many exhibits to view.Easily a half day tour. Food in the attached restaurant was good and reasonably priced,Well worth a visit.", July 2019
121,5.0,Exceptional Museum! ,"Honestly one of the best Museums I have been too! Well spaced out, clean and taken care of. You can feel the respect for their history in the information and atmosphere you see and feel.  No charge but donations welcome. Free English speaking tour at 10am & 1pm, we unfortunately missed those but I have no doubt they would be great.  English signage and leaflets all round, shows/videos and 4D available in English. Toilets on every level and so fresh and clean. The best bit for us was the children’s museum, fantastic interactive areas free of charge for a set 50min.  There is a playground outside for the children to burn off energy and a few cafe to get snacks and ice cream, also blox (Lego) area which looked great but we didn’t use.", July 2019
122,5.0,Outstanding Museum & History of Korea,"Sadly, Korea's history has been marred with warfare over the centuries.  But this museum is a great collection of this history with artifacts, interactive displays, and panoramas that take the visitor to some of these battles.  Also interesting to note are some of displays on the modern ROK military which is one of the strongest in the world.  The vastness of the museums reminds me of the Museum of the Great Patriotic War (WWII) in Moscow.", July 2019
123,5.0,"Great museum, educational and fun. ","Wasn’t too sure what to expect from this museum, but upon arrival we were blown away by how massive the place is. The museum was really large inside and out, with lots of exhibits to look at, interactive ones as well. A lot of in depth rich history and there’s even free English/Japanese walking tours (12pm and 2pm I believe). The admission to the museum is free and there’s 3 massive levels for you to experience.", July 2019
124,5.0,Educational experiance,Was great to learn so much about the Korean war and the struggle the KoreN people had to go through after that to become who they are right now., July 2019
125,5.0,Best war memorial and museum,"Huge collection, spanning early Korean history to most recent conflict in the Gulf.  As expected, there is a significant focus on the Korean War, but there is much, much more.  The outdoor exhibits are extensive, including a B52D from the Vietnam War.  The memorials are particularly meaningful  and well done.  There are many interactive exhibits, and plenty of English signage. This is easily a half-day visit, especially if you are interested in military conflict and Korean history.  Provides great imsight to military history on the Korean Peninsula.  Free entry. Easily the best war museum and memorial I have visited.", July 2019
126,5.0,Don't Miss This,My family of eight visited Seoul in June 2019. We had never been to Korea before and didn't know quite what to expect. We chose the War Memorial because of our interest in history and the Korean War specifically. We weren't disappointed. The museum is well laid out and there is enough English that if you don't take the tour - which we did and recommend - you can still understand things.The tour guide had very good English and was very helpful. I liked that they paid credit to all the countries who sent soldiers to help them preserve their country when they were invaded.I am really glad we had the opportunity to see this amazing museum., June 2019
127,5.0,Huge and full,"We were here a half day and did not nearly see it all.  We started with the outside area first coming upon the Clock Tower of Peace and then the Statue of Brothers.  From there we visited all the outdoor sights and particularly the Open-air Exhibition Area.  On a warm May day I really did not want to leave but there are very few places to sit and take a break and with standing, reading, and observing a nice short bench break would have been welcomed.  The first floor held a very interesting up to date exhibit (which may have been a special exhibit) about recent relations with North Korea.  Admission is free.  Be sure to grab a  free brochure as it will help you plan your time at the museum.", May 2019
128,4.0,Understand the Korean history of conflict,"We spent a half day in the museum. We were with our 20+ year old sons. Shortly after arriving, we drifted apart and did not see each other for a few hours. We all found things that captivated our interest. Lots to see and learn. Very well done displays and explanations.", June 2019
129,5.0,surprisingly extensive display,"I was not expecting much about this place, but was surprised to see the indoor and outdoor displays.  They have a lot of tanks, artillery, fighter jets, and even a huge air force B52 bomber on display.  There is also the coast guard cutter that still contains all the holes during the gun fight it had with the north koreans. Even if the AV presentation was in Korean, it provides a detailed blow by blow on the firefight.Very well kept and maintained, which showcases how nationalistic the country is.Well worth a visit even for non Koreans who are history or war buffs.", June 2019
130,4.0,Insightful in several ways,"The museum provides a well illustrated history of the painful Korean war. You leave the museum a lot wiser than you arrived. Certainly in terms of the events of the war, but perhaps more interesting, you have a much better sense of the pain and deep wounds this meaningless war has had on the people of Korean. Clearly the history and culture of Korean is deeply affected by the divide and you feel you understand this a little better after the visit. If you are interested in military equipment this is definitely also a good place to visit.", July 2019
131,5.0,"The War Memorial Museum, Seoul","Excellent, very educational place to visit. Free admission. Be prepared to spend about 3 hours there. It is about 5 to 10 minutes from the subway station. The signage at the subway station exit is not so clear though, can certainly be improved. The museum is huge. At the lawn outside, there are exhibits of planes and a replica of a submarine. Inside the museum there are lots of war relics and artifacts along with informational/educational descriptions.Poignant/touching/chilling moments for me: (1) the Statue of Brothers, depicting 2 brothers hugging each other, who fought for the opposite sides (as South Korea vs. North Korea soldiers); (2) the inscribed near the main entrance that said “if you want peace, remember war”; (3) strolling through the Memorial Hall honoring the Korean war soldiers. In the UN soldiers section, names of USA soldiers far outnumbered those of other countries. It said that is a copy of the Washington DC’s Korean War Memorial. I don’t quite remember if I saw that during my DC visit, so those who have recollections of both places can perhaps comment.", May 2019
132,5.0,Heartbreaking and educational,"We visited the War Memorial of Korea today. It was my second visit and it is well worth the time to explore. The building and grounds are beautiful and full of war relics. From prehistoric weapons, displays from different eras in Korean history to the high-tech displays to Admiral sun-shin's turtle ship- it is all here impressively displayed. Admission is by donation. The only suggestion that I would make is to have the address written in hangul on website (for the cab drivers). Be prepared to spend hours here. It's worth it.", July 2019
133,4.0,Interesting to visit,"Attempting to find one's way from the subway stations can be challenging since the signnage is very poor (exit 12 from Line 6 is the easiest, line 4 more difficult). The memorial itself, however, is well presented and I am sure it would be much more interesting to those with a military background.", June 2019
134,4.0,Good way to learn some Korean history...,"The area is big and there is a lot to see and learn. No entrance fee and you can learn a lot from the exhibit as there are a lot of things to see, hear, and experience. Suggest to put this in your agenda when visiting ROK.", June 2019
135,5.0,Interesting and Serene,"There is a Memorial Hall for those who have passed from service in various Wars of Korea. Also there are military vehicles such as planes, ship, tanks and others where you can take photos or get a closer look. Within there are exhibits for the various wars Korea was involved in from early history to current. On Fridays, at 2 p.m. there is an exhibition of the various military branches in the front of the museum. This is where you experience the all female Color Guard, traditional martial arts, the various anthems of the military branches, and many other performances by the various military branches. Make sure to sit outside by one as they start to practice so you get a good spot to sit on the steps. Also, there is no charge for this Museum.", June 2019
136,5.0,Very Moving and interesting,A total look at Korea at war from early time through Japanese imperial invasions to present day. Well worth the visit., May 2019
137,4.0,An Optional choice,"As war museums go this was all the encompassing for the Korean Peninsula. Korean friends back home stressed that we must see this. Well, there is a fair bit of jingoism here and I can see why Koreans feel strongly about it. If stressed for time, this is a miss.", June 2019
138,5.0,Amazing place ,If you plan on coming here then don’t be rushed! There is so much to see.We had to plan well as we were on a time limit.We visited the rooms about the Korean War which were really informative and interesting. The English is just fine. They have rooms on further back in history which we didn’t have time to visit.Absolutely huge building. There’s a cafe selling nice smoothies and a gift shop on sight. Outside is amazing too - loads of fighter planes and tanks and of course the super impressive war memorial statue.What a great place to be free as well., June 2019
139,4.0,Well Worth the Visit,"This place not only documents the Korean war, but also pays tribute to all the nations that sent their sons to fight for the Korean people.  Very moving.", June 2019
140,5.0,A great way to learn about the Korean War,"For most of us who are uninitiated about the Korean War, you mostly think of it as a US war like Vietnam. However the War Memorial of Korea really open your eyes that it involved the UN and China.The museum doesn't just focus on the Korean war - it highlights how Korea fought in wars during the ancient days, and its involvement in modern day conflicts. I joined a free guided tour in the morning. Although the tour guide's English was quite accented, he was very enthusiastic about what he was talking about.", June 2019
141,4.0,Detailed View of Korean War History,"Initially I thought this museum would just be focused on the Korean War but it went into a lot more details on other historical battles waged by long ago Kings.Outside there were a number of memorial statues as well as a large assortment of aircraft, rockets and fighting vehicles that you could get up close to and peer inside.  A number of the armored personnel carriers were open but you could not go in.  Sets of stairs were brought next to a cobra helicopter so you could see inside the cockpit.  The PKM357 ship from the 2002 Battle of Yeonpyeong is displayed here with red paint detailing every area damaged during the battle.  This was the only display where you were allowed to climb onboard and see the bridge, deck and guns up close and learn more about the battle that killed South Korean seamen.As I walked up to the entrance, there were a number of black pillars dedicated to the UN and other countries that came to South Korea's defense during the Korean War.  In addition along the walkways to the side of the main entrance were large plaques with all of the names of soldiers from around the world who died in the war.  It was a lot of recognition and honor.Once I entered the museum, it turned out to be a lot larger than I anticipated. The bottom floor contained details about each kingdom’s armies and battles and went into size, arms, skills and success.  In the central courtyard were wooden replicas of early Korean warships.  The top two floors went into extensive review of the Korean War with 4D movies, dioramas and artifacts.  Additional planes, limosines and arms were also displayed.Unfortunately I ran out of time but one could easily spend 2-3 hours here.", June 2019
142,5.0,Moving and a reminder of the tragedy of war,"The outside memorials are, in my opinion, the best part of the whole thing. The statues and installations are very moving and well designed. Inside the Korean War exhibits are very well put together, and take you through each year of the war, the help received by various countries and the contexts of the war. My only critique would be that they seem to microscopically criticize the north in every facet, while never accepting or elaborating on any of the shortcomings the south may have had. In brief, a broader and less biased history would have helped to understand the nuances of the war a little bit more. The memorial is free! Which is awesome for budget travelers. Near the entrance you can find huge walls with all the names of the victims from each respective country that died in the Korean War, so that was also very special. It's nice to see the recognition showed by Korea to every country that tried to help them. If you're interested there are also war machines out in the front of the memorial with vehicles such as tanks and a big war ship.", May 2019
143,3.0,"Interesting museum, a bit dull","When you're interested in Korean history, this museum is a must visit. However, I found it a bit dull. The information was presented very simple, without any 'extra's.'I think I expected more information about the course of the war. The information could have been presented way more interactive, or with some items to go with it.", May 2019
144,5.0,The Beauty of War,A beautiful interactive display of history that gives you opportunity to understand the importance of what it means to fight for your freedom. War is scary but this gives the opportunity to be guided through history to understand the changes and development of people during the sone of worst decades in world history. To see war bring together the most unlikely and war torn countries together to fight for the freedom of others and rebuilding of others. It’s an amazing., June 2019
145,4.0,Great,"Very nice to visit if you want to learn about South Korea's history. Lots of military plane, tanks, etc. to see and take pictures here.", March 2019
146,4.0,An excellent half day--or a day if you are really into this conflict.,"We came after lunch to the War Memorial. It has excellent programs that explain the war and the international coalition that brought the North Korean-Russian-Chinese forces to armistice. There are lots of details for those who love details and it is easy to choose what to focus on and what to pass on. There is lots of English interpretation, unlike some other museums in Korea, and many beautiful sculptural tributes to the many soldiers who gave their lives. Korea lost just over 170,000 soldiers and God knows how many civilians. Just over 10,000 Americans died. There is no entry fee, there are a number of good video programs and there is a coffee shop if you suffer from museum eyes after a while. For Americans especially I think this is a good way to understand something of the very special bond that exists between Koreans and Americans. One thing it could do better is to illustrate the cultural rifts between North and South that existed for centuries before the conflict. This dividing line is not just a creature of the Cold War. Coming during the week would be a good idea. We were there on a Thursday afternoon and found plentiful parking. I'd certainly go again.", May 2019
147,5.0,Multimedia Narrative History and Artifacts,"Great, free, museum about conflict on and over the Korean peninsula from ancient to modern times.  I spent 2.5 hours here and still didn't see, read everything.  A wonderful mix of multi-media (movies, actual US/ROK and captured equipment, wax museum like staging, and other artifacts.  If I get back, I would visit again and review from current 3rd floor to ancient times 1st floor. Save some time for outdoor equipment.", May 2019
148,4.0,Great make time for it,It's huge and they have put in a massive amount of time and money.If you are interested in this kind of stuff allow a full day. If not spend an hour or two and see what you want.Probably the most informative museum in the area and its all free., May 2019
149,5.0,So much to see ,There is a lot to see at this museum there are old tanks and aircraft and more on the outside and inside There is no fee to this museum and it can easily take a day to see everything They give you a lot of historical information on Korea and the US and it is near Yongsan US military base that will be closing soon so I made visiting both of them a day trip, January 2019
150,4.0,"Impressive, moving and just a little unsettling","As I had some free time left in Seoul, the War Memorial seemed a good place to visit as a follow-up to visiting the DMZ. Although I'm not really interested in military history, I found an impressive and informative range of displays on the history of war on the Korean Peninsula and an expression of hope for the future. To be honest, I found it all a little unsettling, but it's very well presented and there is an area for kids to learn the history. There's also a wide-ranging display of military aircraft, tanks, missiles, etc, that you can get up close to. Worth a visit, even if military history isn't your thing. Free entry.", May 2019
151,5.0,A Must for Military Buffs,"I visited this as a last minute decision, heard the announcement on the hop-on-hop-off bus and figured I would check it out. It turned out to be a good decision. The museum is very modern and well organized with a lot more exhibits than I ever expected.There are 3 floors inside with exhibits from the Korean conflict as well as details of the Korean Military's contributions to other endeavours such as the Vietnam Conflict. Very well done.The thing that really impressed me was the outdoor exhibit with US, ROK, and Soviet weapons many of which I hadn't seen before. It is quite a size and includes a B-52 and an entire Patrol Gunboat. As a final touch many of the tanks are surrounded by lovely flowers which somehow seems appropriate for a hope for peace.There was no admission charge.", May 2019
152,5.0,Gotta go,Fantastic museum. Well worth a visit. You need a few hours to have a good look. Very easy to get to on the subway., May 2019
153,5.0,Informative,Spent a few hours at the large free memorial.   Amazing collection of items from the war.  The largest I have ever seen at a single museum on the war.  Provides detailed history of the conflict between North and South Korea., May 2019
154,5.0,Very Moving,A wonderful memorial to those who were lost in the “forgotten” and continuing war.  This memorial gives you a feeling for the losses suffered by the Korean military and civilian population which escapes Mose Americans.  A Highly recommended stop., May 2019
155,5.0,Amazing place,This is quite amazing. Its free and it tells the story of war through the ages. there are lots to look at and many movies explaining the history of the Korean empire. It tells every aspect of the story even the peace keeping aspect of the Korean military. I was very moved by the memorials outside the museum thanking the different nations helping the people of South Korea., October 2018
156,1.0,Shocking ,"Well....it definitely IS a WAR museum. I found it simply obnoxious. We were led into a movie play which encountered me to be more like a counter strike video game. It was a 4d movie! Sitting there and watching the invasion of Incheon through a soldiers eye.... ok.... not my idea of a „war museum“(that is supposed to be dealing with the terror of war)..... but when these soldiers started to fire at their own -but north- korean people I was just simply shocked. I have never ever seen such an impiety before. It all reached its peak when some american tourists wanted to start clapping at the end of the „show“. But they wouldn’t dare to as we all looked shocked and pissed and wouldn’t want to clap. The rest of this museum is ok but it rarely displays the terror of war, it even more glorifies it. It took me a few days to get rid of this disgusted feeling when I left the museum. It’s more like US Propaganda.", June 2018
157,5.0,Interesting,Spent the morning there and it's a must to see. It's wonderfully kept for you to wander around and take in the past. It brings it home to you what South Korea went through and how many countries were involved. It also reminds you that it was one of the poorest countries after the war and how far it has come now., April 2019
158,4.0,Memorial & museum - The Forgotten War,"A stunning circular memorial plaza, surrounded by black marble plaques detailing all the names of the ROK dead. The museum details the geo-political background and build up to the war in 1950. Too much to mention, good exhibits all detailed in Korean and English. Lots of hardware outside and inside. Worth a morning or an afternoon. Free entry.", May 2019
159,4.0,Worth a visit to learn about the war that essentially transformed Korean society,"Very well done war museum that tells the story of all of the wars Korea has faced in its history. But for Western visitors, it's sufficient to focus here solely on the exhibition dedicated to the Korean War. It's a great place to learn about the war that essentially brought the Republic of Korea to where it is today. Definitely worth a short visit.", April 2019
160,4.0,Understanding how Koreans fought for their country.,"It was the first time I saw war weapons, aircraft, war ship and tankers used during the war. Very informative visit.", April 2019
161,5.0,Fantastic learning for free,"I visited this museum and spent good 5+ hours touring around. They have exhaustive materials on war history, literally from the very beginning. The Korean war materials were very sobering as well as educational. Make sure the check outside yard for their extensive collection of war equipments!", April 2019
162,4.0,Quite impressive,Originally we did not plant to visit the musem but we were happy that we decided otherwise. We leaned quie a lot about the so called forgotten war and the museum is a good mix of information and memorials. Also the outside part with an actual B52 bomber is worthwhile, April 2019
163,5.0,Extensive museum of the history of war in Korea,"This is a massive museum providing information about wars and military strategy throughout the history of Korea (and, now, South Korea).  While an English Language tour was provided, it started out focusing intensely (in terms of time invested) on the ""Korean War"" (which I suppose is what most English speakers want to know about).  We were hoping for more of an overview of the museum, so we left the group early.  It took us 2 hours to see the entire museum quickly.  All signage is in English.", April 2019
164,5.0,a very moving experience,"this memorial park and cemetery is beautiful and very moving. we learned alot in the little museum there about the Korean War, also a beautiful park", April 2019
165,5.0,WOW!,"Excellent museum - It's part memorial part museum.While there is always some sombre moments visiting a war memorial, I found this one to be very well designed and tourist friendly. It tells the story with easy to follow layout and exhibitions.Highly recommended to anyone with an interest in war in general or the Korean war in particular.You could run through in an hour but I'd recommend at least a few hours to take it all in.", March 2019
166,5.0,Awesome....awesome....awesome!,"This was my highlight in my trip to SEOUL. Fantastic military equipments on the outside and very informative musseum on the inside. Btw, admission is free.", April 2019
167,5.0,"Excellent museum, worth a visit!","An excellent museum to learn about Korea. Great exhibits and storytelling. Entrance is free and you can download an audio guide when you get there using their free Wi-Fi. There's some focus on wars, but lots of general history as well. Explains a lot about why the country is the way it is. Would highly recommend for people who enjoy history.", April 2019
168,5.0,As Deep as You Want to Go,"Covers everything from thousands of years ago to the present conflict, with a surprising amount of depth in any area. Would be good for kids or especially for adults.", June 2018
169,5.0,That's why South Korea,"I visited with my friend from Australia. He didn't have any knowledge of South Korea. I thought this place just explain about weapon or flight of war something ... I have been there, but I didn't remember well. And I knew I was totally wrong. we had 5 hour there but it was not enough time for see there. Long Long time ago Korea had war and war again a lot too many time. so if you know the war of Korea you will know about Korea history, nationality, geography ... it was my best part of trip. don't think too much Just go there and see about Korea. Never disappointed you !", March 2019
170,4.0,Very Interesting Museum,The museum is quite big it will easily take 4-5 hours to go thru all. So we joined a hour guided tour. Very good. Now we understand more about the history and how the Korean people were suffering. Is a MUST if you wanted to know the history how north and South Korea were seperated. We spent about 3 hours there but still didn’t manage to see all. It is free why not!, April 2019
171,5.0,COOL and it's FREE,"One of the great things about the museum's in Seoul is that most of them are free to include the war Memorial. It's easy accessible by metro, it's huge with great visual history on the inside and has a large park on the outside. It's one of the best museums that I've been to. It's worth putting on the calendar for a visit.", March 2019
172,5.0,Worth a visit!,"Really glad I spent a few hours at the War Memorial.  So moving.  There are free tours in English (one in morning (10?) and 2pm.  Many audio visuals to make it interesting, and worth visiting the outside just to see the monuments.  Bonus--beautiful cherry trees in the area.", April 2019
173,5.0,Good rainy day programme,Before heading to the DMZ pay a visit to this museum. You need to understand the histoty of this torn country., April 2019
174,3.0,Worth spending up to 2 hours here,"This monumental building is indeed a monument or memorial, and does not include a lot of guns and other military hardware. This contrasts with the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, which despite its name, is mostly filled with the machinery of war. More English lsnguage captions would be useful", April 2019
175,5.0,Very impressice,"I’ve been to many number of war memorials and military museums: this takes the cake. Huge collection of both Western and Soviet vehicles (tanks and aircraft) outside.The inside of the war memorial is touching, and appropriately conveys the loss of life in the Korean War.It is also one of the few governments attractions that is free. A must.", April 2019
176,5.0,Full of history!,We stumbled upon this on a rainy afternoon when looking for something to do in the area. We arrived late afternoon to find it filled with School children but they soon left. The outside was filled with war vechicles such as tanks and planes and you can easily wander between them getting very close. The inside was spacious and set out nicely. There are lots of war rooms telling the complete history of Korea and war history. Everything is written in English as well and all the films have an English option. We couldn’t believe the musuem was free! Thoroughly impressed and educated now., April 2019
177,4.0,"Great museum, must see & free! No costs!","Great museum, lots of cool exhibits. Great service and very tourist friendly. Free & no cost which is great. Must visit if you come to Seoul! Learned lots about all the wars Korea was in and Korean history! :)", April 2019
178,5.0,Well worth a visit. ,The outside has a large number of exhibits including a huge B-52 bomber. Inside it gives the history of the war and even my youngest child found it interesting and moving., April 2019
179,5.0,Well worth the visit,"One not to be missed, you could spend a whole day here, Well laid out and flow through the different areas. Tell the whole story of the Korean Military and wars. Lots of exhibits to see, emotional in places.", March 2019
180,5.0,"Displays, content and presentation are superb","This is a must-stop for any visit to Seoul. The organization of exhibits and content makes for a powerful and moving presentation. You could spend an entire day, but schedule at least 2 hours.", February 2019
181,5.0,Amazing Museum,This was a wonderful museum to visit. The tributes to the Korean wars was thorough and well-done. We spent half a day at the museum and only saw about half the museum. I highly recommend!, March 2019
182,5.0,The best museum I've ever been to,"I loved this museum. It was beautiful, emotional, and respectful. I felt so empowered and in love with the Korean people after visiting.", March 2019
183,5.0,Great history!!,"I’m a huge of General history, so this place hit the spot. And it’s free! There are warring vehicles outside the museum and a little bit more inside. The place is massively huge and it may take a full day to finish the entire place. There are a couple of 4d theaters with limited seatings with scheduled times, make sure u get to each theater a bit earlier to save a seat! The exhibits covers history of the early AD, as well as the Korean War. There are videos, documents, pictures, artifacts, theaters. Definitely learned a great deal about Korean history!", March 2019
184,5.0,Amazing tribute to the Korean wars,This is a must see if in Seoul. The museum was very artfully done and told the history of war in Korea. I am not a fan of war museums but this one was amazing. I loved all the different visual effects and felt they did a wonderful job of recognizing the refugees of the wars and especially the section that acknowledged and thanked all the countries involved and lives lost in the North/South Korean War. Such an interesting display., February 2019
185,5.0,Free entry daily (except Monday) to a meaningful museum,"For history buffs like myself, you should set aside at least half a day for this sprawling war memorial and museum. The outdoor section includes symbolic monuments, planes, tanks, and a 4-D video exhibit about heroic South Korean sailors which made me tear with emotion. The indoor section has 3 levels which you should start from the bottom. It starts from the evolving of Korea from even B.C. times all the way post-Korean War - that's literally two thousand years of warring history. There are plenty of exhibits and videos and 4-D experiences. My fiancée and I walked away with a deeper appreciation of the sacrifices of so many, and the realization that ""Freedom is not free"".", March 2019
186,5.0,Great place to gain perspective of warfare on Korean peninsula ,"This museum is great place to gain a good perspective on the history of warfare on the Korean peninsula as well as the Republic of Korea's involvement in warfare elsewhere (Vietnam, etc.).  The museum often has guided tours and offers self-paced tours with recorded explanations in a variety of languages available for use.  The museum is large and exhibits are extensive so you should allot no less than 2-3 hours to do the place justice.  I was there a half day and still sort of rushed through a couple of areas.  This museum is only a couple of subway stops from the Korean National Museum so you could easily spend an entire day experiencing these two museums.", March 2019
187,5.0,History ,"Beautiful grounds and building. Outdoor full of planes, tanks etc. For children and adults to climb. The museum is one of the best I’ve been to. Must see !", March 2019
188,5.0,Historical,"There are many beautiful museums in the world - this is how it will end up in one of the most interesting - as always in this area it gives rise to a lot of sad emotions and thoughts but such places are very important for people not to make the same mistakes! A beautiful, sad place that can show a piece of history to a man", March 2019
189,5.0,Very interesting ,"What can you say about war memorials? It’s a memorial, not a museum. It’s a must visit, but we didn’t stay more than an hour. Wouldn’t visit again, but would recommend to friends.", March 2019
190,5.0,One of the best museums I've ever visited,"Definitely worth visiting! One of the best museums I've ever visited. Very informative, amazingly done, and all of that for free!", February 2019
191,5.0,"The War Memorial of Korea, Seoul, S. Korea.","While in Seoul, South Korea, I had the opportunity, and yes I consider it to have been a real honor, to visit three of the Korean War memorials here in the greater Seoul Metro Area. My visits provided me with some valuable insights into the Korean War that began on June the 25th 1950.Two of the memorials that I visited were the UN FORCES FIRST BATTLE MEMORIAL located in Osan and THE MEMORIAL HALL OF THE INCHEON LANDING OPERATION located in Incheon.The War Memorial of Korea here in Seoul is easily, far-and-away, the largest of the three Korean War memorials that I have seen and visited while in Seoul. It is absolutely enormous. To do it justice, a visit would take a full day and even that would be a push. I feel that I saw perhaps 40% of it and that was accomplished during two separate visits that were several days apart.Which leads me to this comment : IF you are handicapped and have difficulty walking, you may want to take the size of The War Memorial of Korea into consideration. IF you have a wheel chair you will be in great shape. IF not, there are ample places to sit and to rest. There can be no question that IF you have an interest in the Korean War, this is an absolute must-see attraction.", February 2019
192,5.0,Deeply Moving,"The outside is just as good as the inside.  Powerful sculptures, a massive amount of relics, flags and number served from each country, wall of remembrance.  Inside is also great, but if you were on a tight schedule, you could easily walk the outside and grasp the depth of emotions still felt by all Koreans.  My family was very glad we visited this museum.", October 2018
193,5.0,A must see in Seoul,I lived in Seoul for five years and visited the Memorial several times and went on the narrated tour.  The tour was great. Don't worry if you don't speak Korean the tour is given in multiple languages. It gives a real insight of the Korean War and the suffering the Koreans endured and how numerous country stepped up and defended South Korea and fought along side their army., April 2018
194,5.0,Very Interesting,This was on our to do list for our one day excursion to Seoul and it was definitely worth the time. It is a tribute to those who fought and died during the Korean war., February 2019
195,4.0,War Memorial,The museum is located in Yongsan-dong. The exhibit contains the military history of Korea. It has indoor and outdoor displays. It was built to commemorate the sacrifice of patriotic martyrs during the Korean war., May 2018
196,5.0,"Fascinating, extensive war museum in Seoul","I heard about this museum from a fellow American staying at my hotel, and I'm so glad I was able to visit it during my time in Seoul. The history of the Korean War is tragic and complicated, and the museum does a great job at explaining what happened and how it continues to reverberate. The ground of the museum are also huge with airplanes, tanks, and weapons from the era. A must-see for any history buff.", February 2019
197,4.0,You need half day for this one,It will take you 4-5 hrs to tour this big museum and see the rich history of Korean War.  Restaurants and other food establishments are few meters away.  Bring small snacks just in case., December 2018
198,5.0,Best and Knowledgeable Experience,"This place is located near to National Museum of Korea. No entry fee which is the best thing.This is one of the best war museum I've ever visited. Lot of informative stuff, 4D movies for experience. You get to see actual stuff used in Korean war. A must visit place.", February 2019
199,5.0,Extensive exhibits,"This is an excellent war museum and memorial.  If you must choose, this museum is much more interesting than the National Museum of Korea.  The exhibits are thorough and updated; overall much larger than I expected.  Plan to spend several hours exploring and learning about this important era.", January 2019
200,4.0,Very informative museum,"I went the day after Chinese New Year, but it was closed, so I was able to go for a couple hours before my flight home.  The museum was very informative and provided a great insight into the history and how the war started and the role of the UN forces.  Upon entering, I was greeted by what turned out to be an English speaking guide.  He was very informative, but I had to part and rush through the remaining exhibits to catch my flight out.  Otherwise, I'd probably spend another couple hours there.  Highly recommended.", February 2019
201,4.0,So much to learn and appreciate!!,"It was nice. I feel like I went back in time. You can see how war affected people then, and still today. So many lives were lost, and I feel nostalgic going here. The layouts of the sections of the history were easy to navigate. I like how the rooms connected to each other. It was free entrance, and you can spend a whole day here.", February 2019
202,4.0,A very good place to learn history,"A very good place to learn about war in Korea. But the downside is that since the visual is kind of real and they make the wax image and all, it can be kind of depressing once you visited the museum. But still it really worth visiting~!", October 2018
203,5.0,An extremely interesting museum for those interested by Korean history,"The museum is quite huge. It is split in many parts, with one part focused on the World War II. The museum is entirely translated in English, and there's various documents and items that are available to see.", February 2019
204,5.0,Very nice and informative war memorial,"As a person without that much knowledge and detail about the Korean War since it is not taught in schools here, this place was great. It is not only informative but it is presented in such a way that it makes you want to learn while still presenting the truths and horrors of wars in general. I'd definitely recommend this place", April 2018
205,5.0,Arguably...,"...the best historical museum in the world.  Certainly the best one I’ve been to.  Epic!!!  If you’re like me and want to study and read most of the displays in a museum, you’ll need at least a whole day here.  For some reason, I especially liked the ones on Korean participation in the Vietnam War.   Somehow, the curator was able to put past the horrors of war and honor the soldiers and citizens of Korea.   I was fascinated the whole time I was here which was much longer than planned.  If I have any criticism of this place, a more nuanced perspective in North Korea’s participation is needed.  The displays of wars prior to the partition of the country remind us they are an integral part of the Korean story.", January 2019
206,5.0,A thing to see on your list,If you have any interest in the war between North and South then it is worth the visit. We have a belief that when we visit any country it is great to try and visit as many places that hold interest., August 2018
207,4.0,War Air planes,We found this by chance after our lunch at Itaewon. We decide to take a slow walk from Itaewon to Namdaemon and come across this place.Interesting to see collections of war air planes and other vehicles store at one open space. We had great time reading through the information guide.FREEDOM IS NOT FREE, January 2019
208,5.0,"Huge museum, very nice","Probably best to visit this museum a few times to give all the exhibitions the time they deserve. If you are into Korean history, be sure to visit this place. Also good to get background information about historical sites you might visit. (Like Hwaseong fortess in Suwon)The Korean War Memorial is beautiful.", January 2019
209,5.0,Amazing!,Its free entrance and very easy to find. We went there on a monday sadly you cant board the gun boat. But you will find more amazing war machine aside from that., January 2019
210,5.0,The History Lesson is Invaluable,Take time to view all of the static displays outside and the amazing displays inside.  We spent three hours here and could have stayed the entire day.  This museum is a must visit for everyone coming to Seoul.  It is very well done., October 2018
211,4.0,Informative about a war Westerners may forget.,"Visited on 12/1/2019 after a tour of the DMZ in the morning. The Korean War is a conflict that doesn't get much attention in the West, perhaps being forgotten due to its proximity to WW2. This free museum has English translations and is spread across three floors. It goes into detail about the history of Korea and then the origins of the Korean War and the aftermath. At the moment there is also an exhibition about the relationship between SK and the US, as it has reached its 65th anniversary. A very interesting place to spend an afternoon, definitely recommended for anyone who's interested in post-WW2 history.", January 2019
212,5.0,Amazing place,"Growing up in former Yugoslavia and going through war in the '90 visiting this museum was very emotional for me. I was planning to stay there for 2 hours max and in the end I stayed 5 hours! Definitely a must to visit and to learn more about what ideology can do to one group of people! My prayers are with brave Korean people and I hope that situation on Korean península will be resolved in future. No entrance fee and even if there was one I would pay it gladly. Visit, visit, visit!", December 2018
213,4.0,You will find a detailed explanation of Korean War history throughout the museum,"Very good museum to visit, mainly focusing on Korean War history. It is located in Yongsan-gu, Seoul. Entry is free. The war memorial building has many exhibition rooms and an outdoor exhibition centre. There are nice displays of planes, tanks, and other military equipment. You will find a detailed explanation of Korean War history throughout the museum.", June 2018
214,5.0,The Best War Memorial in the World,"I'm not joking when I say that. This place doubles as both a military museum with dozens of exhibit tanks, helicopters, aircraft and ships that make military history nerds like myself giggle with glee, and a grand, sombre memorial to the events that literally shaped the founding of the nation. The exhibits chronicle Korea's history of invasion by foreign states, its drive for self-determination, and its fight to survive against its northern neighbour in the Korean War of 1950-53. The exhibits make many boasts of how the nation must be strong to ensure its safety, but they never stray anywhere near nationalist or jingoistic themes. If anything, they serve to underscore the true destruction that war brings, and that whilst it is never wrong to fight for the right cause, the experience of war itself is something that should never be venerated or glorified.I spent almost 3 hours here - one completely lost in the maze of the vehicle yard outside, and the other 2 in the gargantuan memorial building itself. It was easy to navigate, and although admission was free, I made a donation at the end of my visit because of how immensely impressed I was with the experience. If you're in Seoul and want to get a better understanding of South Korea's recent history, this is something you cannot miss.", January 2019
215,5.0,Awesome place to learn about the Korean war,"This museum is very modern, visual an incredibly informative. Unfortunately, as a Hungarian citizen, we don't learn much about Korean history so I am very glad that I have visited The War Memorial. I didn't know much about the place, so when I planned my day, I only dedicated one hour to this Museum. Needless to say, as I got lost in this enormous history lesson, I actually used up 3 and a half hours. Very thankful for this experience, I am looking forward to visit it again with some friends or family members.", August 2018
216,5.0,Best Museum in Seoul,"The outdoor military vehicles such as tanker, missile launcher, aircraft and naval vessel were simply amazing. The indoor display of armoury was interesting as well. We spent almost 2 hours touring this free entry museum. Would have spent more time if we were not in a hurry.", December 2018
217,4.0,Covers more than the Korean war,"Before visiting, I had the impression it mainly focused on the Korean War. Although that is true, it also has other exhibits that covers history of Korea back to the older empire which was really educational as well.", January 2019
218,4.0,Very Informative,Large museum on Korean War presented from Korean point of view.  Generally positive and contains a lot of information which will satisfy history buffs.  Worth visiting especially since there is no admisson., December 2018
219,5.0,Powerful and moving,What a great way to spend the day learning more about Korea! Totally worth the trip. We loved taking our time exploring the museum. Very well done--each and every room is wonderful!, December 2018
220,4.0,Interesting experience,"Enjoyed our visit here. The outdoor area had lots of planes and tanks, and the museum and information inside was great. Good place fo families or those with an interest in Korean War history. Free to enter.", December 2018
221,4.0,Trip in Seoul,"Visited when I did a trip around Seoul, there is many things to see in Seoul but I wanted to see this and did", August 2018
222,5.0,Very cool place,We have been here a few times and our small children never want to leave. There are plenty of photo opportunities!, November 2018
223,5.0,Highly educational and engaging,"Large volume of indoor and outdoor exhibits showcasing different era of the Korean military warfare, particular focus on the recent Korean war. Impressive, solemn honour of the fallen at the entrance. Highly recommended for those who would like to learn more about this unfinished war. Plan to spend at least half a day.", December 2018
224,5.0,This place is a definite “must visit” if you are keen to understand the Korean War,"We visited this place of interest on a Saturday afternoon, and was surprised it was not crowded at all. We spent some time looking at the tanks, airplanes and ship that were somehow involved in the war.Then we moved to the museum inside. The exhibits were well thought out and well organised. There must be a lot of planning that went into the building and arranging the exhibits. Our regret was that we did not arrive earlier as we had to rush through the museum.This place is a definite “must visit” if you are keen to understand the Korean War, and do allocate sufficient time to explore the museum and watch the various documentaries.", December 2018
225,5.0,Incredibly moving memorial,"I'm glad I made the time to visit the War Memorial of Korea - it's a beautiful and incredibly moving center. I was fortunate the memorial was not crowded, so I was able to take my time browsing the artifacts and reading more about the events that took place before, during, and after the war. The candlelit memorial hall and ""peace tree"" were particularly memorable.", November 2018
226,5.0,War Memorial is Amazing,"Such a beautiful memorial to those lost in the Korean War and a history of all of the other wars they have endured.  We were able to see the name of a Soldier who was  from my small Ontario town who was killed in the Korean War.  The sculptures are stunning as is the Rotunda and outdoor area.  Magnificant display of planes , bombs etc.  A must see.", July 2018
227,5.0,Children’s Museum & Outdoor Activities,"We went here to go to the museum with our 3 and 5 year old but we just spent over an hour reading all the signs and talking about each aircraft, it’s purpose and the vehicles and their purpose. My kids were absolutely fascinated with them. There were several they were able to go up to via stairs or into via ramp. They loved the high speed vessel though our youngest got scared in the pilot house when the recording came on. Then after visiting all the airplanes and vehicles we found a children’s museum next to and at the war memorial. It was like a children’s war museum. It used sensory (touch, see and feel) to teach them about the war. Then there was a play area and coffee shop at the end but you are limited to 2 hours before they make you leave the museum. Coffee shop was good too.", December 2018
228,4.0,impressive with the warships and aircraft,good place to visit with kids. the extensive exhibits of aircraft and tanks used during wartime. internal exhibition a little bit boring though., November 2018
229,5.0,Understand why there are two Koreas!,"PROS:* Excellent presentation of the history why there are two Koreas* Proud of the United States' contribution. Understood America's involvement spurred because of not wanting to support the spread of communism and socialism.* Beautiful museum.CONS:* Was a bit hard to find from the bus stop.  Google Maps did not bring us to the front and we had to walk around.  The guard helped us find the front entrance.* No cons of the museum.  Immersive, interactive and educational.", November 2018
230,5.0,Must Visit Great Museum,At first I taught that it just like a normally boring museum.  But its not...its a great museum to learn about the war of Korea. The outdoor itself so attractive with so many planes and ships. Indoor also good place to learn more about what occurred during the war in Korea.  Not regret visited the War Memorial of Korea.  Everyone enjoy the place., November 2018
231,5.0,Wonderful museum inside and out,"The displays are very well done and every country that participated in the Korean War is presented and honoured.Outside of the museum includes several tanks, airplanes etc used during the war. Give yourself a couple of hours to thoroughly cover. Note it is closed on Monday. Easy to reach by subway.", September 2018
232,5.0,"Amazing, beautiful, and educational","The grounds of of the museum are huge and beautiful. You can see Seoul Tower from the outside exhibits. Very educational in an interesting and intriguing way. All information available in english. fascinating exhibits. Best to go on a day that it isn't raining so you can enjoy the exhibits that are outside. Suggested time spent here, 2+ hours", July 2018
233,3.0,Learning about the Korean War,Good alternative in addition to other tourist spots in Seoul. There is an outdoor area which holds memorial monuments and also display various tanks and planes that were used in the war. Great place to learn about the history of the Korean War. Be sure to visit the 4D simulator to get a glimpse of what it was like during the war., February 2018
234,4.0,Definitely worth a visit,"The outdoor memorial has the famous Korean War monument and the Two Brothers monument. But make sure to stop inside the museum as well, which is free. The museum shows the history of all of Korea's wars. It also has a good souvenir shop with some books in English on Korean culture and history.", December 2018
235,5.0,Must visit place,A solemn place to visit for those interested in happenings of the Korean war. Good history lesson and a solemn reminder that the price of freedom is not free., November 2018
236,5.0,Great history lesson,"I thought before I walked in that this would focus solely on the Korean War as we know it in the US, but it is a complete timeline of Korea’s tumultuous past. It is a free exhibit and there is a lot to see so give yourself a couple of hours. Most of the exhibits have text in multiple languages explaining the display. There is a lot of history on this peninsula and this does a great job of portraying that.", November 2018
237,5.0,Cannot miss this place if you go to Seoul ,"Definitely worth the visit, went there on my last day (today) after reading so many good reviews, and I totally agree with them. It is a Free entrance Museum, so there are no excuses not to visit, you can learn and see so much about the country. You spend about 2-4 hours in the museum or even more, I spent 3 hours because the museum was closing (18h00), but could have been there a little more.", November 2018
238,5.0,English guided tour,Very interesting museum. The Tour was perfect. Lot of new information about the war with lots of items on display., November 2018
239,4.0,A chance to see real war planes and vehicles,The outside houses tanks and aircrafts. Inside the building it talks about the different conflicts and the weapons used. If your into war history go and take a look!, November 2018
240,5.0,Such an educational experience!,I really enjoyed the War Memorial because it covered the various wars and not just the Korean War. It included all wars where Koreas were involved and it has been done very respectfully. Definitely worth a visit if you're in Seoul. The outdoor exhibition on all the planes is also amazing., October 2018
241,5.0,One of the best museum I've visited,"We visites the museum with young children (6 and 9), all of us enjoyed with both indoor and outdoor displays. There are a lot of interactive information board,  usage or technology to showcase,  and most importantly, at least 98% of the exhibits have English explanation.", November 2018
242,5.0,Freedom is Not Free,"Excellent learning about the Korean War in 1950 and how the UN coliation came over to help fight this war. For everyone that didn't go through WW2, this museum is a reminder about how destructive war is on humanity and that we must not go to war ever again. Expect to spend at least 2-4 hours going through the indoor exhibits and the outdoor aeroplanes, helicopters, tanks and boat that were used in the war. Freedom is not free because everyone loses in a war. Many other notable quotes on the walls of the mesuem. Do not miss this museum when in Seoul.", November 2018
243,5.0,Surprisingly good ,"This makes the Imperial  War Museum in  London look like crap! There is every type of military vehicle imaginable on display in the grounds and you can climb all over them. In the museum, there are separate exhibits for children and the history of Korea is shown through its various invasions and conquests. Interesting and well presented with plenty of interaction most of which is in English, Mandarin  and Japanese. The memorial itself is beautiful and moving. Well worth a visit even if you are not a military enthusiast.", November 2018
244,5.0,Very interesting Museum ,"This museum should be on your travel list, if you have a few days.It gives you a very detailed overview about the history of Korea with a focus on the wars it fought.The key focus is of course on the Korean War and it gave us a lot of new insights and a clear understanding of it.The museum is free and you should take at least 2-3 hours time when you plan to visit it.", November 2018
245,4.0,Korea War Memorial,"Interesting museum with a lot of information and military equipment used in real life inside. Museum has both closed and open spaces. Open space is an exhibition of many military planes, boats, weapons and vehicles. It is better to visit on such a day that weather conditions allow to stay outside long time.", November 2018
246,5.0,Very moving and inspirational,"This museum is a must, you must go and see the history of Korean war. It is so in details and exhibitions are well done.", November 2018
247,5.0,Must visit for history buffs ,"The museum grounds are huge.  Think similar to the US Congress.  The museum has wonderful exhibits that span 2 millenniums of war history on 3 floors. There are war planes, tanks et al outside as well.  Admission is free.  One could spend an entire day in the museum in a casual stroll and still not cover it all.  I would recommend reviewing a museum pamphlet (available in multiple languages) and choosing the exhibits that most appeal to you and go from there.  You can also get a recorded guide headset at the entrance.", November 2018
248,5.0,Nice museum,Very nice museum and Memorial. Large airplane venue with all Korean War airplanes and jets used during war. Had a nice live military march display and plenty of war history. Would go back if ever in Seoul again., November 2018
249,5.0,A must see for history buffs,Very interesting to see how Korea views it's military and relationships with other countries.  There was a military parade going on during our visit.  It was in honor of the Veterans., November 2018
250,5.0,wonderful inteactive modern musum,Worth every minute. Gives real feeling of this not justified war that caused many many casualties of Korean civilians and American soldiers. Many interactive activities. Good organization. Monument very impressive. A Seoul must to my opinion, October 2018
251,5.0,You shold go,"The Korean war is very important in the contemporan history of Korea, we went to the english guided tour done by a guide who had some souvenirs from the period. weapons, tanks, ships military plans.. A place to visit in seoul", October 2018
252,5.0,A must see,"A free museum which offers plenty to see. It highlights the Korean War Outside with tributes to the flags serving under the U.N. Inside there is a lot on the history of Korea. Lots of planes, tanks etc outside to take photos of.", November 2018
253,5.0,Best thing in Seoul,"If you only had enough time to do one thing in Seoul, this should be it. We found this place unexpectedly moving. It does have the most massive display of military equipment I have ever seen in one place, but the overarching theme is one of gratitude to every country that helped South Korea in this war, and also that war is a horrible thing. A lot of displays focused on the impact this war had on families of all countries. The museum covers military artifacts and uniforms all the way back to prehistoric times, which was a bonus. This museum is very well thought out and again, pays great respect to all countries involved in the war. There are hands on displays for kids (mini castle to walk around in, many military vehicles can be boarded). Several films are available on demand to be seen in several languages, including English. Very impressive museum, and I don't give that compliment lightly. Don't miss. Admission free. Cafeteria and gift shop.", October 2018
254,3.0,Not terrible exciting,I think everyone has to go here once. It's one of those things you do as a tourist. Some of the sights are cool but overall it does not compare to other international cities., October 2018
255,4.0,Great Museum,"Lots of old aircrafts, tanks and a war ship.  They did great on remembering the heroes who fought in this war.  The plan was to stay an hour but took us 2 hours. Time flies when one is enjoying.  The best museum I’ve been to yet.", October 2018
256,5.0,Beautiful and interesting,"The memorials are spectacular as was the military school display that was taking place when we arrived at 10am. You can easily spend hours walking around the tanks, planes and other military artifacts in the park.", November 2018
257,3.0,it’s ok,well I am not really interested but went there because I had too ... but it’s ok ... what do you expect ? sad past ..., November 2018
258,4.0,English friendly exhibits about Korean War,"Easily accessed by metro Samgakjiyeok. Entrance is free. Site maps in major languages and guided tour in foreign languages available.  Large building but simple layout easy to navigate. I went to exhibition rooms concerning the Korean War. I found them well laid out, adequate English and Chinese translations. Videos were English subtitled only. Only thing lacking is details of human suffering. Exhibits of military hardware was impressive and one can even touch a B-52 bomber! In addition to F-86, P-51, F-4,F-5, MIG15 and 19. There are many tanks too from both sides.  A must for anyone into military history.", November 2018
259,4.0,A good place for history,"The place is huge both inside and outside. The hall gives honor to all The wars in Korea since The earlier years OF its history. The place was nicely organized and prepared. IT covers all the era from The 4th century onwards. There are exhibits, video presentations and actual War machines inside and outside. The outside has exhibits from The Korean wars OF tanks, planes, Rockets and artillery. A must place to visit in Seoul.", October 2018
260,5.0,You learn something new everyday,"Before I went here i didn't know much about the Korean war but now I know quite a bit , even better it's free to visit", October 2018
261,5.0,Korea war HISTORY,"Korea war memorial, This place is like a one stop center for every information about Korean wars and countries that stood by then during the wars. VICE NICE PLACE, I recommend this place for those people interested in Korean history. you can also visit with friends and family as they display airplane tanks and many war instruments.The Place would show you background about the war, it was really fun place to be. for me I can visit as many time as I want to. very interesting placeyou can visit with your camera", October 2018
262,5.0,Must visit,"It is a must see attraction if you are visiting South Korea. Full of rich history on Korean war, world war II etc. One of the best war memorial I have ever visited.", November 2017
263,5.0,Nice place!!,I really enjoyed it. If you are interested in the history of the war I suggest to visit the place which is well organized and completely free., October 2018
264,5.0,Free attraction,"Yes, its free. If you really interest in history please pay a visit here. This is one of the best ""free"" museum i ever visit. Very technology orientated and you can take some photo with plane, helicopter, .......", October 2018
265,5.0,Korean War Overview,We visited this site as part of our detailed study of leadership of the Korean War. Well worth the trip educationally and historically, October 2018
266,5.0,Absolutely must see museum,"We recommend this museum to all of our friends who visit us in Korea.  It has so much information about the Korean war as well as a huge range of military tanks, planes and even a boat outside.  It's great for the whole family, although the kids did get a bit bored inside.  The building is vast and so beautifully set out, that even just walking around it is interesting.", October 2018
267,5.0,Excellent museum,The War Memorial of Korea is well done.  It has something to hold the interest of all age levels.We were impressed.Admission is free.Be sure to take the English brochure at the counter., October 2018
268,4.0,Wow,"Great museum. Numerous old aircraft , tanks and vehicles. Along with a tone of information on the conflict. Very nicely done Memorial wall as well. Very Solemn", October 2018
269,5.0,Very Interesting,Especially enjoyed the section regarding the Korean War. I wish I had done a little research about other Wars as I didn't realize Korea has been involved with so many wars in the past., September 2018
270,4.0,Best part may be the planes outside,It's free inside and out.   Nice tribute to the UN nations.   Decent collection of artillery and other war gear., October 2018
271,5.0,Interesting,Take your time at this place.  There is so much to see. Outside and in.  It takes you through Korean war history for ancient to present., January 2018
272,5.0,beautiful museum,I didn't look at pics or read reviews prior to going and was pleasantly surprised by the detailed history lesson that was presented. I spent many hours here. Thoroughly enjoyable if not sobering., October 2018
273,5.0,War Memorial,Great museum to learn about the war of Korea. Had outdoor and indoor exhibits to visit with planes and ships. Good place to go to learn more about what occurred during the war., July 2018
274,5.0,A fascinating insight into the Korean War,"As history enthusiasts we visit a lot of museums and this one was well worth the trip. It is easily accessible from the Samgakji metro station.The museum is beautifully designed and set out, and the exhibitions are informative and thought provoking. All the signage boards are in English. I particularly enjoyed the large outdoor sculptures, monuments and the war vehicles area which includes aircraft, armoured vehicles and a warship, some of which you can go aboard. You could easily spend a couple of hours here. There is a cafe and a museum shop in the building.", October 2018
275,5.0,Best attraction in Seoul,"We spent a week in Seoul, and I would rate the War Memorial my favorite attraction. South Korea really went all out on this -- no expense was spared! I have been to other world-class war museums such as the War Museum in London and the Artillery Museum in St Petersburg, Russia -- but Seoul's War Memorial tops them all.Before one enters the main complex of the Memorial, one passes through an immense park packed with military hardware and statues.There are several floors within the museum -- which is free, by the way. There are several theaters that display either holograms or 3-D presentations. My favorite was a theater that was cooled down to about 2 degrees C with snow on the ground. The narrator of the 3-D presentation is a Korean war veteran who relates that one of the most difficult aspects of the mountainous warfare was the temperature factor -- and to reenforce this snow is blown into your face. It is clear that the Korean War is remembered to this day in South Korea with great vividity, and the museum emphasizes Korea's commitment to UN peace-keeping operations. The present-day tense situation with North Korea is refected in exhibitions within the museum, to emphasize that the horrors of the last war could manifest themselves again.The first floor of the museum boasts full-scale replicas of ancient Korean warships, and depictions of Korean's earlier war history in Asia.", October 2018
276,5.0,Must see,Very education and entertaining. I learned a new thing or two. You can go in the vehicles and planes. Go a bit early because it gets crowded., October 2018
277,4.0,Interesting monument,"The memorial is worth a visit if you have a couple of hours. The exhibits are interesting.There is a section on the armor used in the wor such as Russian tanks, a MIG 15, and other military weapons, There is a Cadillac Limousine gifted by President Eisenhower to the South Korean people.Free admiision. Clean rest room facilities and a small cafe are available.", October 2018
278,3.0,Over crowded meuseum,Got to this war memorial as early as possible because it gets filled with crowds and children. I which there was also more control since many people were climbing statues with clear warning.Overall it was interesting to learn about the south korean perspective on korean war, September 2018
279,5.0,A Must Do in Seoul !!,Its probably the best war memorial I have ever visited in any city or country.  The eye for detail is exceptional with a huge collection of war memories including a World War II fighter jet !  Highly recommended and dont miss this place if you are in Seoul., July 2018
280,5.0,A day in the memorial,"I tought I would stay just a couple of hours here, but ended up been there for the whole day. There is a lot to see and to learn", October 2018
281,5.0,Really moving visit,"This is arguably one of the best war memorials in the world, there are memorials for every country, and service person who lost their lives during the Korean War. My favourite display was the 3D theatre showing the history of the Korean War which is told from the perspective of an old man, who’s statue sits in the front row. It’s haunting, particularly given how close they are again to the brink of war.", December 2017
282,5.0,Amazing!!!,War Memorial of Korea is very cool. My brother and I spend 2 hours taking pictures around of the memorial. The display shown inside the memorial is amazing. Alot of culture and history of war times if you are interested with the history of Korea., October 2018
283,4.0,site seeing,"this one of the attraction to see in Seoul, worth the visit, get yourself familiar with the metro so it will be easy for you to get around.", October 2018
284,4.0,Good to get insights into the Korean history,The museum has no fee and has the whole history of Korea represented. It gives for an foreigner and good inside into the Korean history from the countries perspective.Plan minimum half day as it has a lot to see!, October 2018
285,5.0,Moved my heart....,"This War Memorial is just amazing. We spent 4 hours here, taking in all the history of the terrible Korean War. Outside exhibits of military aircraft and tanks is very well done and the statue of the Brothers is just so heart wrenching it will have you gripped. This is such a well put together experience you will leave there certainly more clued up on a war that frankly, we knew very little about and the uk sent over 81,000 troops there!!", October 2018
286,4.0,Interesting museum,"This was the first place we visited when we arrived in Seoul as it was just a 10 minutes walk from where we were staying. Because we arrived late, we rushed through the exhibits but we were taken aback by the incredible history it documents. It should be specially interesting for children. The multimedia use is quite effective and at places you might need to pause. We came back from there wanting to learn more about the history of South and North conflict, and Japanese occupation.", September 2018
287,5.0,Went just to have a look and nearly spent the entire day,"I found the whole Memorial to be absolutely incredible. It's huge too, think how much time you want to give to it. It's not just the Korean War but all the conflict that Korea has had throughout its history right up to the present. When I went through the international recognition (specifically Australian) section of the Korean War room I found myself getting quite emotional.", October 2018
288,4.0,Nice place to visit,"I would recommend for those that are into warfares, this is the place to go. We enjoyed it and will take you a few hours to walk and learnt about the history of the Korean War and the wars before. We thoroughly enjoyed it but like I said, only for those into army, warfares, soldiers etc. If not, it will be a boring visit.", June 2018
289,5.0,Wonderfully curated museum,"This is a huge museum that goes through Korea’s military history from the Middle Ages until modern times. Outside there is a large area to check out airplanes, tanks, helicopters, and even a ship.", October 2018
290,4.0,Interesting afternoon,"I spent an afternoon wandering around between the tanks, planes and boats outside and through the muesum its self. They had alot of interesting things. I would however recommend going with a guide.", June 2018
291,4.0,Nice morning out!,"Don’t need too long there but try get an english speaking guide. They will take a group through the museum. They have some really cool things from the war scattered around the museum. Outside they have Korean and US planes. Some real, some replicas (I believe). Don’t need too much longer than 3-4 hours so it’s a good half day", May 2018
292,5.0,"Well done, much larger exhibit than what I expected.","It was nice to see this exhibit and I enjoyed the outdoor display of so many vintage plans, tanks, and vessels.  You will need at least a couple to three hours to walk through the exhibit, although you could spend longer if you read everything they have to offer.", September 2018
293,4.0,Very educational,"You can learn a lot about Korea especially how the country went through its rough time with so many wars and battles. If you're interested in history or war history go check it out. I don't think the ticket was even expensive. Pick a good weather though it contains outside stuff to see as well (airplanes, tanks etc).", July 2018
294,5.0,History and beyond.,"The War Memorial Of Korea was amazing. We learnt a great deal by navigating the many floors that boasted with tons of history. Each step gave ample information about the wars that South Korea endured with its neighbors, especially the war with Japan, China and North Korea.  This visit made me realize the great success that South Korea has achieved in this small window of time. The wars have made it stronger, better and very successful. I couldn't get enough. Just Wonderful. Go Korea!", August 2018
295,5.0,Amazing place! ,"We assumed that this museum would mostly be about the Korean War, but we were wrong. Not only did it have a ton of stuff on that war, but so much more. For example they had what I think was one of the best and most educating sections from the Vietnam War. I was actually very", July 2018
296,5.0,So Much History,"Give yourself plenty of time at this memorial.  It takes a good hour or more outside to view all the tanks, planes, boats and missile launchers as well as the statues.  Inside there are 3 floors of history all very well organized into groups.  Loved learning more about a war I", September 2018
297,4.0,Great Overview of the Korean War ,This memorial is definitely worth a visit. A great display including interactive and old film footage!, September 2018
298,3.0,"Commemoration, museum or propaganda?","The Korean War Memorial is a large, imposing building near Samgakji metro station in an otherwise nondescript neighbourhood. Its size is a testament to the centrality of the Korean war to the recent history and identity of the Republic of Korea and its troubled relationship to", September 2018
299,5.0,Excellent and poignant memorial,"Only had the chance to visit briefly (when the main museum was closed), however there is plenty to see in the grounds. The memorial is very well laid out and is a fitting tribute to those who have their lives in the conflict. The memorial also has an equipment display that is", September 2018
