,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,4.0,Great mall,"Huge mall near Yeongdeungpo Station (Line 1).  Signage to get from the Station to the Mall is a little tricky - Aim first for the Yeongdeungpo Underground Shopping Mall, then the entrance for Times Square Mall is a a couple of hundred meters along on the left hand side.  You", July 2019
1,4.0,Wide variety of stores.,"The mall itself in the picture is a strait forward western-type mall with name-brand stores, a food court, and escalators. But the interesting part is underground.  Tons of redundant little stalls with much the same merchandise, but search around and you will find a few unique", June 2019
2,5.0,What a great mall,"Cool mall. Hundreds of shops, food court, theater and a lot more are there. It’s connected with public transportations as well. Easy access. Enjoy your shopping in there!", June 2019
3,4.0,Out of central Seoul,"Very upscale mall which is in a ""suburb"" of Seoul with all the requisite upscale retailers. If in the area, a good place to find a large assortment of restaurants, as well.", June 2019
4,4.0,Go to place for your shopping,"Lovely shopping centre catering for budget & luxury travellers. Nice range of shops to choose from located within the multiple storeys.  However, it can get a little crowded during the holidays such as Christmas.", December 2018
5,4.0,"Big mall, usual stores but worth a visit",There’s a Shinsegae store and the usual cast of mall shops in the Times Square proper but i found some neat shops in the large underground shopping complex. There’s several dining areas with a great variety of restaurants as well. You can get here on metro line 5 and walk to the, February 2019
6,5.0,Great place to hang around,I was staying at Courtyard Timesquare and it was easy to go to timesquare mall because literally it is just right next to the hotel. it is one of the biggest mall in Korea and you can enjoy shopping and have different franchise eateries.   코트야드메리어트에서 숙박하면서 쇼핑하면서 놀고먹기 좋은곳. 정말 바로, March 2018
7,4.0,Huge mall near the subway station,"Times Square Mall is around 400m walk from the Yeongdeungpo Station. The mall houses the Shinsegae department store, Kyobo bookstore, E-mart supermarket, stores like Zara, North Face etc. This is one of the filming locations for the K-drama The Last Empress.", January 2019
8,3.0,Nice Mall,"Took subway direct from Euljiro 1 station to Mullae station & walk about 10 mins from Exit 4. A huge xmas tree outside the mall with a little red car display, pretty to take photo. Glad that we came from Mullae station else could have missed this nice photo stop :)  Many shops", December 2018
9,4.0,Close to subway station ,"It is a good place to hang out with friends in Seoul Korea.  I have visited this place many times to eat, shopping, drink coffee, buy books, and window shopping too. I took subway line 1 to go there and very easy to get there from station by walk. Especially I like that there", October 2018
10,5.0,More than a mall,"This is more of a lifestyle and recreational complex than just a mall. Apart from all the usual shopping and entertainment, it houses a cinema multiplex with 12 screens - one of which features the largest screen in the world.", August 2018
11,5.0,Best Curry yummy in Seoul,We have pork cutlet curry and Katsushin rice adding with cheese cutlet.  Very nice and best taste ever. Queuing didnot take that long and worth waiting.   Price is reasonable.  Will come back for sure.  , August 2018
12,4.0,Huge,"This place is huge, will need some time to see it all. Too many name brands to mention, it’s all there under one roof. Not a cheap place to go shopping but if brands are what you are searching for, look no further.", February 2018
13,5.0,Great Mall with most brands and a big E-Mart,Great mall with a range of brands. Food court provides plenty of food options as well.   It is connected from subway through underground shopping mall which further provides range of shopping options including variety of cosmetics brands. , August 2018
14,4.0,"Biggest shopping mall in Korea, MUST GO in Seoul!","Search gold7778t in Youtube and see more info before your visit.  All brands of fashion in all ages can be found in here. The price range from cheap to luxury brands are available here. Restaurants and food street in basement as well as 4/F. Emart with 2 levels in basement 1,2.", June 2018
15,3.0,To many people ,"We went there a Wednesday afternoon like 3 pm and it was full. There are slot of stores, convenience stores so it can be practical.", June 2018
16,5.0,Nice mall and shopping area.,Very nice mall surrounding Courtyard Marriott. Emart below is great place to shop for groceries during your stay. Lots of other high end shopping options. Very good food options on F5., May 2018
17,5.0,its a giant shopping mall,"This place is combination of couples building, includes Shingate Department Stores(two building), a luxury brads building, a hotel, a hypermarket, a building of cinemas and fast fashion.  There's couples of food courts. One is closed to connection way to subway, another one is", January 2018
18,4.0,Good mix of stores.  Massive!,Good place to go if you want to see all the shops you want to go to in one place.  The food court was not bad either as it had the right mix of restaurants., January 2018
19,4.0,Went there a couple of times during this visit to Seoul,Went to Times Square Mall in Yeongdeungpo a couple of times during this trip to Seoul. Times Square Mall took me less than 10 mins walk from Yeongdeungpo Subway Station (Blue Line)., December 2017
20,5.0,A Nice Place to Hang Out,Another place in Seoul that you can visit with lots of shops and restaurants.  Shopping prices here are decent compared to other touristy places where they tend to raise prices.  , October 2017
21,5.0,Fancy Lifestyle Mall,"One of the biggest mall in the city, a full fledged lifestyle complex with shops, entertainment, restaurants, supermarket and world class CGV cinema (world largest screen!). From luxury brands of o high-end shops, include also various leasure spaces, overall an excellent place", March 2017
22,5.0,Daughter in Times Square ,"Nice place. Very popular in Seoul. Expensive,entertainment,every thing is  there.it was joined sinsegae and Times Square.", December 2016
23,4.0,Times Square Korea," Times Square is one gigantic mall. It’s a good place for you to stroll around if you want to get away from the heat of the sun especially in summer. It has a lot of shops ranging from average to even high-end ones. Moreover, you will also not get hungry in this mall because", April 2017
24,5.0,Went as a tourist,Very interesting and a nice place to be...you must be there any time you visit Seoul...i really enjoyed my visit   , May 2017
25,5.0,Important,This mall situated in a busiest part of Seoul and also a quite a big one. There are lot of branded goods shops here with tax free option to serve foreign travellers. It's a huge mall and worth going around with lot of eateries. It's got a departmental stores also, May 2017
26,1.0,3 star at best.. ,If you're staying in the heart of the city in Seoul don't go to this mall go to the CoEx Mall. This mall had a higher rating and it took 40 minutes to get here by taxi 😢 it was definitely overrated and I couldn't believe I had almost leave the city to get here., May 2017
27,4.0,Big mall with variety of shops,"It was a big mall with a variety of shops ranging from sportswear, fashion, restaurants, cafes, CGV, E-mart, bookstore  and more. It was not as crowded as compared to other big malls hence it is good for relaxing and enjoy kiss the tiramisu ice cream.   After having meal, we", April 2017
28,4.0,Times Square,Kinda far from everything in Seoul so isn't the best location. Not as packed as Lotte Mall or COEX Mall. Some good stored for shopping lovers., April 2017
29,4.0,Worthwhile shopping excursion (more Western style shops than Asian),"Variety of stores = clothes, beauty, importers, books,...  many restaurants = fast food to mid-level price (w/ waitstaff); video arcade and movie theater ", April 2017
30,4.0,Just another large Asian mall,"If you've been to malls in Asia, this is your little nicer than most malls. But it's still a mall. There was a driving interactive 4x4 racing video game that I did with my son. He drove and thought it was cool. Descent selection of food and a pretty good movie theater. Other", March 2017
31,5.0,Beautiful mall,"Really beautiful building where in fact you have a complex with a mall, hotel and business towers. Really good place to have a meal with several different options mainly on typical Korean food. ", April 2017
32,4.0,I like shopping at Times Square Mall,I like shopping at Times Square Mall because it is not as busy or crowded than shops in Myeongdong. I enjoy much quieter and better quality shopping at Times Square Mall., February 2017
33,3.0,Not quite the NYC namesake ,"Koreans countdown for the new year here, otherwise it is a Shopping mall, a large one that is.  Great place to spend some time if the weather outside is a little horrible, or when the sale is going!", February 2017
34,5.0,Mens Toy store - Electromart is not to be missed,"The Electromart store in Times Square is a not to be missed mens toy store with lots to offer. From Computers, Audio, appliances, gadgets, bikes, collectibles, whiskeys and clothes. We spent over two hours in the store and left with a hi spec PC. ", January 2017
35,5.0, A lot of different types of stores ,Lots of things to shop for-- wide variety of luxury brands to more affordable ones. There's a very nice movie theatre and arcade as well. Very large selection of restaurants to choose from as well., October 2016
36,4.0,Food variety and Shopping,Times square mall is good for shopping and surrounded with a lot of good and amazing resturants.  Some times have a music show at 12PM., September 2016
37,3.0,Nice mall to spent the rest of the Day,"We went to the mall at 7 P.M The mall closed at 10 P.M  I like the bookstore there, it has some unique things. But it is pricy.  Also there is a store named ""Muji"" sell things for traveler .  There are several restaurants serve different kind of foods.  Other stores such as", September 2016
38,5.0,Very nice mall,"I enjoyed the atrium space of the mall, but wife enjoyed the shopping.  Lots of stores including a Shinsegae department store.  They also had a cool electronics store.  They have high end to some cheaper stores as well.  Although it is a bit out of the way.", August 2016
39,4.0,Times Square mall worth a visit,If you like to shop and walk around indoor than this is the place.  The building is impressive.  I guess they used to have waterfall with led flowing from suspended balls but it's no longer operating.  Pity., June 2016
40,3.0,Another mall,Impressively sized mall worth a look if you are in the area. Wide variety from high end luxury to bargain basement eMart (located in the basement). Easy to get lost even with confusing maps and gate entries. , June 2016
41,4.0,Impressive shopping destination in Seoul,Times Square Mall is an impressive shopping destination - slightly further away from downtown Seoul. But can be reached easily via train with the closest subway station Yeungdongpo. A large number of international luxury and high street brands as well as Korean brands have, June 2016
42,5.0,Great giant mall for shopping,"I have been to many shopping malls in Korea, but this one is my favorite one so far. The mall is huge includeing E-mart in Basement 1 and 2, Shinsegae mall for the brand lovers or I should say rich guys. This place is full of live. Recently a electro mart is open besides E-mart.", April 2016
43,4.0,Convenient Alternative Shopping in downtown Seoul,"Conveniently located next beside two subway stations (Yeungdongpo and Yeungdongpo Market), Times Square offers a great shopping alternative for diehard shoppers in downtown Seoul. The mall has branded boutiques and also nice mid-price shops + cafes/dining outlets.  Right across", April 2016
44,3.0,A big mall,"If you're familiar with malls, you'll be familiar with Times Square Mall. It's a big mall with a lot of local Korean and Western brands. When I went, there were even pop-up stores on the first floor. It's nice to check out but if you're looking for local goods, check out other", April 2016
45,3.0,"Huge mall, great Emart, but Some distance out of town","Read about this new largest mall in Seoul, so decided to check it out.  It took about 25 minutes by Korea Rail/Metro to get there from City Hall station.  It's main anchor tenant is Shisegae and that is the first building you notice across the road when you step out of the", March 2016
46,4.0,"Shopping, Movies, and Dining Galore","This place has everything you could ask for. There's a CGV movie theater, a bookstore, various clothing stores, shoe stores, jewelry stores, places for high end shoppers, Starbucks, plenty of food options: food court (Korean food), Le Saigon (Vietnamese), Korean chicken dish", February 2016
47,5.0,Go during weekdays for spacious shopping,I really love this mall because it is not so crowded during weekday and I could easily spent more than 3 hours there shopping and eating with a lot of personal space and avoided the noisy tourists crowds!, January 2016
48,4.0,Megamall,Very huge mall located in seoul. Went there vecause runningman been there before (: they had tge cgx movie theatre there where u can watch 4d movie at 18000won., January 2016
49,3.0,Convenient to the Courtyard Marriott and Yeongdeungpo Station,I really like this shopping center as it is attached to the Courtyard Marriott at which I usually stay while in Seoul.  The mall has many shops and restaurants and is a great place to wander when the weather is bad outside.  There are tons of high end shops and many restaurants, October 2015
50,5.0,Huge Mall,A huge mall with so many shops. Lots of restaurants to choose from also. You could spend a few hours just wandering around visiting the many fine stores. The variety of restaurants is endless. I personally liked the Vietnamese restaurants., October 2015
51,4.0,Good place for shopping,"lots of shops with mostly affordable prices. It's quite huge, so it might take from several hours to half a day to go through. Nice place for people tired of noisy and crowded shopping streets like Meong-dong.", September 2015
52,4.0,Pretty nice.....,"Its quite big and has lots of stuff to offer. Most of the brands are affordable. I prefer shopping malls to street shopping, so I am quite satisfied))", September 2015
53,4.0,Deserve it,"I visited this place one time, it is very nice mall with lots of brands and some good restaurants. I recommend you to visit it if you have pleny of time and love brand malls", August 2015
54,5.0,So much to see and eat,"Having this mall attached to our hotel was wonderful.  Many interesting upscale mall-type clothing shops, etc.  Restaurants and food courts spread throughout.  Very safe and clean.  Also has an E-Mart which is like a super Wal-mart, but with even more variety.  I admit, I found", April 2015
55,4.0,Shopaholics Will Love This Mall. A Fun Place For Families and Tourists.,"Walking to the mall from another part of Yeungdeungpo-gu was nice and since the mall is big, I didn't have any problem finding it. The mall is perfect for those who love shopping. I bought a pair of very good walking shoes at less than KRW50000.00 there, a good price indeed.", April 2015
56,5.0,You can find everything there.,A very big shopping center with lots of amazing shops and variety goods to buy. You can find some food courts with delicious meals. It is located near a metro station and you can reach from everywhere of Seoul. I recommend it to who wants to go shopping., March 2015
57,5.0,Immaculate Mall,"An ultra-modern shrine to high end shopping.  Clean, and convenient to public transportation, it is a testament to the Korean commercial success. If you're a tourist, however, I would only come here for the wide variety of restaraunts, or if you're staying at the attached", February 2015
58,4.0,More Awesome Shopping In Seoul!,"I have been to this mall every time I have visited Seoul (3x now) and while I enjoy the selection the mall has to offer (mostly mainstream brands like Muji, Uniqlo, Zara etc), you'd probably do better price wise in Myeondong/Dongdaemun/Gasan Digital Complex, especially if you're", February 2015
59,4.0,"Big, Very Modern - something for everyone","Very modern shopping experience - many high-end stores (Rolex, Prada, etc), but also local moderate priced places such as E-Mart.  Good food court, and a variety of restaurants throughout the 6 levels of the mall.  Very close to the subway station, and both Shinsegae and Lotte", December 2014
60,4.0,A HUGE mall.,The mall was really big. I think it had at least eight floors to it. It had a lot of restaurants and stores. I don't think i even saw ten percent of the mall., September 2014
61,4.0,Everything (almost) can be found here,"This is Huge. And it range from High end luxury to Daily shopping market (emart). Located at Yeongdeungpo station, just train over. On a side note, For runningman fans, this was where Episode 1 was filmed.", September 2014
62,4.0,Need to buy gifts?,"There something for everybody in Time Square Mall ... shops, restaurant and EMart grocery. Metro station is connected to shopping with underground tunnel where are hundreds of cloth, shoes, cosmetics and electronics shops. Prices are very low there and quality of the goods is", June 2014
63,4.0,Huge & modern,"Shopping experience in Seoul should not be limited to Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, etc. Hit to the huge and modern Times Square which can be reached by sudway line 1 Yeongdeungpo station. Various brand names, foods, E Mart, Kyobo book center, Shinsegae Dept. store, trainquil rooftop", November 2013
64,5.0,Very busy!,This mall has it all... From the underground levels to the observatory level. It spans out several blocks and literally is like a small town enclosed inside a cluster of buildings, June 2013
65,3.0,Modern shopping mall,"Nice modern indoor shopping with a variety of stores and restaurants.  Although prices are high, there is a large bookstore that I enjoy as well as an E-Mart (similar to Wal-Mart) with groceries and the upscale department store Shinsegae.  There are many Asian restaurants along", February 2013
66,4.0,Huge,Kyungbang Times Square is a huge shopping mall connected to subway station.  Has quite a number of shops of all brands.  Good place to spend a couple of hours., November 2012
67,3.0,"Huge shopping mall, linked to subway, hotel on top","The shopping was huge, but mainly from the mainstream stuff (all the big brands, including Uniqlo, Northface etc). If you are looking for cheaper good, you will have better luck in areas like Dongdaemun and Namdaemum. The plus points is that it has a supermarket (e-mart) located", December 2012
68,4.0,Biggest Shopping Mall I have ever seen,"Its really giant (and I have seen big ones before) - 5 buildings conjoint, each with 5 to 10 floors, several food court and restaurants. To get there take the Subbway line no.1 (blue line),  Yeongdeungpo Station (no.139), Line 1, exit 3, head towards underground shopping center,", September 2012
69,5.0,Times Square Mall,Nice mall 400m from Mullae station line 2 Seoul subway. you can find famous signature stores like Louis Vuitton & etc. foreign and local stores can also be seen. staff in this mall are more fluent in English., April 2012
70,3.0,Just Another Shopping Mall,"Nothing special here, is well outside the center of Seoul.  If your close by is worth a visit but otherwise stick to Myeongdong mega shopping area is central Seoul", January 2012
71,3.0,If you want to feel like you are back home...,"This review is designed for people who come from places like my husband and I (Aus and NA), may not apply to Europe or UK, and I hope others benefit as well.  Imports of US goods with US branding are considered status items here.  They are 120-150% more expensive than the US,", February 2011
