,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,1.0,Bad experience.,Very bad service to tourist. Ms Jina. If you’re not ready to be a service oriented person why be on the line? The place is not friendly for tourist to ask information., February 2020
1,5.0,한국 관광 정보를 구하세요,한국을 여행하는 분들에게 정보를 얻기 좋은 곳입니다. 무료로 한복 체험도 할수 있고 한식을 먹어 볼수도 있어서 추천합니다. Recommend biz tourists near Gwanghwamoon area who do not have much time to look aroud Seoul or Korea. This is good place to learn Korea culture and cusine as well as try Korean traditional costume., October 2019
2,1.0,Veiled threat,"I brought luggage cause I needed help with camping in Korea. They were friendly and helpful, then suddenly the employee I was speaking to suggested I go to the elevator, go down to the first floor and leave the building. She said I had too much luggage. In the west, that sort of", September 2019
3,4.0,Useful place to pick up tourist maps and general information,This Tourist Information Centre is located in a large modern office building. I must have been very slow on the day that I visited as I thought that the place was restricted to the 2nd floor and so spent my whole time wandering around there. My impression was that it was quite, October 2018
4,5.0,Its a MUST!,"First thing when you arrive at seoul as a tourist please find this place! Very informative and entertaining. Added, you can wear hanbok for FREE and take picture. Friendly staffs and you wont regret like us. I go there also after recommended by my friend. We walked from our", May 2018
5,4.0,K-Hub Tour,"This was a fun tour, if you have time do the health scan..AMAZING!!! The tour has a lot of interactive parts you can see actual KDrama stars, I did, we actually saw two. The gift shop was disappointing and NO K-Pop items at all. The gifts they do have are basically Station logos", June 2018
6,3.0,Some of the activities were for expats working in Seoul,There used to be a few handicraft sessions for tourists on Wednesdays and Thursdays. There were none open to 'tourists' during my last visit to Seoul. Sad., December 2017
7,4.0,"Information center, culinary exhibition, free hanbok","We visited this place on our way to Myeongdong (from Cheonggyecheon). We saw an awesome culinary exhibition on the second floor. There was a free hanbok at fourth floor, but the queue was very long. We decided to try free hanbok in another tourist information center. ", January 2018
8,5.0,A must go place if you want know about lot about Korean cultures under one roof......,"This centre occupies the 2nd to 5th floor- within an office building complex. The tourists information centre is on the 2nd floor, with a small cafe within.  Every floor has a different aspect showcasing rich Korean cultures ie Korean cuisines, history, cultures, etc.  On the", November 2017
9,4.0,Great place for free and indoor activities,Here is one stop center for tourist to get any information regarding South Korea. You can come here if you need a lil bit fresh up after a long walk in the city center of Seoul. You can take all the brochures as your guidance and also you can ask the staff here. For muslims, November 2016
10,5.0,Great staff,I want to thank the staff that is on the streets of Seoul. You can usually find them wearing cowboy hats. We were lost and found them. They called several shops to make sure they carried what we were looking for. Gave us bus direction and found the number of the bus we needed to, June 2017
11,3.0,To get some info on other cities in Korea,"Nice and spacious place. Some events on Korean culture. Small coffee shop where you can get some snack. It is not enough but they have some brochures on Jeju, Gyeongju and Busan. Good to visit before heading for country sides.", June 2017
12,3.0,Overall great place but terrible attitude of staff at hanbok experience section ,Awesome center for tourists with fun photo booths free for use and resting areas.   Go for hanbok wearing experience on the fifth floor where you can either wear the hanbok of your choice and take photos inside the Centre or wear outside for an hour.  Wish the staff at that the, May 2017
13,5.0,Don't miss Korean Cuisine on 4th floor,My wife and I were seeking an authentic Korean food experience when we came across the Korean Cuisine Cultural Centre on the fourth floor of K-Style Hub. It offers individually prepared Korean dishes while you wait and watch. The staff are fantastic explaining what goes into, April 2017
14,5.0,Highly recommended! Best free activity in Seoul,My mum and I went to K-Style hub this month and it was actually the best place we have visited in Seoul.  They offer free 15-minute hanbok fitting and you can take photos everywhere in the premise wearing hanbok. We took some beautfiul photos and it was very fun.  We also took a, March 2017
15,5.0,Fun and FREE!,"Fun place to visit with or without kids. People there were very friendly. We took hilarious pictures with K Pop stars, and loved trying on the hanbok. You can also ""virtually tour Korea"" with virtual reality glasses. This is a great place to get brochures for tourist attractions", January 2017
16,4.0,A must go!!,"We alighted at Jonggak station Line 1 to K-Style Hub, immediately as our 1st destination.  This de facto the Korea Tourism Place is fast becoming a famous attraction that is less known to most international tourists! It is a one-stop complex provides information to meet all", October 2016
17,4.0,experience hanbok,"I went to K-style Hub to experience try hanbok, I thought it was very good experience for me, I thought that hanbok is very beautiful custom in Korea but it was too difficult to wear if no one help me also I thought it was hot that too wear hanbok. I think if you want to", June 2016
18,5.0,Fun,"I had lots of fun in K style hub. Easily accessible by subway. A great place to visit if there's bad weather. You will get to know Korean culture in a short time. Lots of promotions and discounts available. Free hanbok experience, free guided tour and free cookies making", November 2016
19,4.0,Useful information at the Tourist Information Center of Korea in Seoul Korea,"This place offers a friendly first contact with Seou. Two friendly employees helped us plan to visit. The first one apologized for not speaking fluent English, but was able give anyways brief information and explanation and kindly told us to wait for the second whoh one more", October 2016
20,5.0,Highly recommended to tourists visiting Seoul,"I was there for a couple of times for K pop dance class, handicraft class, DIY handicraft making and taking selfie wearing Hanbok.  The staff are really nice and tourist friendly.  Highly recommended.  Do join their facebook for latest events.", January 2016
21,5.0,Try Hanbok Experience for Free!,"This place shows us that Korean Government works really really good in developing Korean Tourism. They facilitates tourists visiting Korea with such good service for free. If you want to try hanbok, come to this place. One of the most famous tourism center located in Myeongdong", May 2015
22,3.0,If you have travel questions in Chinese or English this is the place.,"This place is created to serve, inform and entertain the tourists. It even offers medical tourism center. What many visitors seem to enjoy the most is the opportunity to try on some traditional Korean garb and pose for pictures. The much needed brochures and maps are here.", October 2015
23,5.0,Make sure you come here for an unforgettable souvenir!,I had read on a blog about coming here to try on traditional Korean hanbok and take souvenir photographs for free so when we were recently in Seoul we had to do it!  It was somewhat easy to find and when we entered we immediately encountered the hanbok costume display. We were, July 2015
24,5.0,Must visit in Myeong Dong,"Typical tourist centre, easily accessible in the heart of MyeongDong shopping area. Went here mainly for the free costume / hanbok experience. Lots of tourist brochures in various languages & themes (tried the kdrama & heritage ones). The staff were really helpful & gave good", April 2015
25,5.0,very helpful,"i wanted  to go to the DMZ.I tried to arrange a tour through my hotel,but the times were inconvenient.I was strolling through the main Myendong shopping area and saw their shop,went i and booked a tour at a time that was  convenient for me,I was very pleased at this,as i did get", June 2014
