,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,No more museum excites more,Unforgettable experience! Museum located in unexpected area of Hongik Uni. Before entering u download an app in which U make photo or video. Better video because it will provide u with amazing special effects like in fantasy movies. Every corner of the museum has its own, January 2020
1,5.0,Absolutely worth a visit and so much fun!,"We had such a great time here. There is an App you download when you go in which brings the place to life. We had so much fun taking videos and pictures and there is even an opportunity to get your portrait done as an oil painting, which was a great keepsake to take home. A great tip for couples, take a tripod so you can get shots of both of you!", January 2020
2,5.0,Really cool place,This place is a lot of fun! I was traveling alone so I got a guide to accompany me so I could get some great photos. They have an app that works with some of the exhibits to get you some really cool videos and photos., September 2019
3,5.0,Worth it!,"The ice museum on the side is not really worth a visit, especially if you have seen ice sculptures elsewhere. Little kids would love it though.The Trick Eye concept is very clever - though sharing your photos with them might be risky. It is only 12000w entry, and a nice diversion from the shopping. Worthwhile even without teenagers. Future museums will all have this special effects capability. Clever", December 2019
4,3.0,Need to go with a teen or 20 something,"I visited this attraction with my wife and teenage daughters. I would not call it a museum but rather, an attraction. I am in my early 50s and don't have an intuitive understanding of how to manipulate the VR to maximum effect. My daughter, on the other hand, is masterful. Without her I would have been lost.The attraction is a series of rooms that you can take still pictures or videos. Some of the scenes require a few people in them. In many, your head is superimposed on the scene and in others, there is a lot of movement using VR. It's all quite clever but all i really need is one or two rooms, as opposed to many.If you have someone in your party to show you how to do things and you get into the mood, it can be fun. The ticket also includes a ridiculous ice museum that is really not worth visiting.", December 2019
5,4.0,"Worth trying , covered with discover Seoul pass ","It’s about 5 mins walk from Hongik University stop exit 9, a bit difficult to find the building name as it isn’t clearly visible and my Google maps hung up on me ! Coming to the place , it’s quite fun if you like taking pictures , it’s not that big , but bigger than few others I have seen in Europe . Ice museum is not bad either.I visited at 9:30 on a Saturday morning g and there was literally nobody in the museum , may be it’s the lunar new year or I was lucky ! As I was alone , I couldn’t get any picture of myself ! Nevertheless it’s fun", January 2020
6,4.0,Generation Instagram,"This place is great for people taking photos of yourselves and each other!It's fun, entertaining and well done!", January 2020
7,5.0,Trick eye Museum,Small place but worth the little money you spend. First time I have been to a place like this and my wife and I had a good time. Not to crowded and it conveniently located in the same building as the Love Museum and Ice Museum. Also has several things to do close by so makes for a great day trip., January 2020
8,4.0,Quite a tricky attraction to eye out,"Had some trouble finding this attraction  because it is located in a building without a clear and obvious sign. After figuring out which building it was then also had the difficult of finding the entrance which is at the basement of the building, which it shares with another attraction. Spent about 1.5 hrs here taking various photos. The background was intriguing and allowed one to take various interesting photos.", December 2019
9,2.0,Not great.,"The trickeye portion is ok but I expected all pictures to have AR effects, not just 4. The VR portion was very bad. The only ride that was working for 2 people was a roller coaster. There are so many boring VR rollercoasters and this is one of them. All other rides were broken including a ride with 2 chairs but they told me only one was working.", December 2019
10,2.0,Overated,An overated and expensive museum.Disgusting toilets. The ice room was cold and smelly.There are some very funny parts though..., November 2019
11,4.0,Fun!,Weather wasn't the best when I arrived i Seoul so my Daughter suggested us to visit the place. We had so much fun and giggles., September 2019
12,5.0,Highlight of Seoul,This museum was one of my most memorable place in Seoul. It was very interactive in that you can be a part of the art and take lovely photos. I would advice going with friends in other to take photos of each other., December 2018
13,5.0,Tacky Fun!!,"This place is so incredibly tacky that you can't help but to have a good time! It was well worth it for the laughs! There's an app you can download to ""enhance"" your experience but it didn't work half the time. There's another tacky Love ""Museum"" upstairs that's very graphic but hilarious...don't bring the kiddos! We had a good time in this cool college neighborhood. Found an awesome craft beer joint around the corner. You can definitely make a whole day checking out Hongdae!", October 2019
14,4.0,"Fun, but not a ""museum""","First, this is not a museum in the conventional sense.  It's a series of wall paintings and mirrors, and other things where a participants can sit, lie, stand, etc in designated locations, and it appears you are flying, being eaten by something, are cut in half etc.  It's more like a well organized carnival fun house.  Overall it was enjoyable.  Not something you can do repeatedly, but it's a good way to spend a couple of hours and take some fun photos.  You NEED to come with someone else to help take pictures or else you are constantly asking people to help you.  The images / illusions are big, so you can't really do it via a selfie.", November 2019
15,3.0,So-So,"Considering this place is top rated amongst tourist. I feel that there needs to be some kind of guidance. There was a language barrier and no one could assist us on how things worked. Also the space is very limited. Too many people going in at once, no room to take pictures and the locals had no sense of awareness of other people taking photos. Nonetheless once we got some infoFrom another tourist and the place cleared up. It was good experience.**tip- maybe have some control the flow of people coming in and give some kind of time limit. Also for couples- we wanted to pics together but non of the staff could help us out. Maybe have staff members walking around offering to take your picture.", October 2019
16,5.0,A different and fun experience,"Trickeye Museum??? Who knew!This is an experience not to be missed if like us, you have no idea what to expect.I’m not going to say much as I don’t want to spoil it but it was the best few hours we spent in Seoul.....lots of fun! The “love” museum and an ice museum are in the same complex and all 3 are good fun.After the ice museum you can also have a nice latte with your picture printed into the cream topping too!!!", October 2019
17,4.0,An interesting experience,Had a lot of fun and took some crazy pics. There were indeed some eye bending displays that wow'd me. Was definitely worth it for me., October 2019
18,5.0,1st time in Trickeye Museum,"I had a fun time here, it is highly recommended to anyone visiting Seoul. Everyone would have a guarantee unique and satisfying experience.  Two thumbs up.", October 2019
19,5.0,Amazed,I have truely enjoyed my visit here. The staffs were welcoming and atmosphere was fun. Next year's round 2. Thank you trick eye., October 2019
20,1.0,Not a museum ,"I’m not sure why this place has received so many positive reviews. It’s a gimmicky place that is reminiscent of a Fun House at a County Fair. However, it is not at all suitable for children.", October 2019
21,5.0,It was fantastic,I had such a fun with my three young kids.There are so many photo spots and it's a perfect place to visit with young kids.I will definitely visit again!!, October 2019
22,5.0,Trip to Trick Eye Museum (& Love & Ice Museum),"The trip to the Love and Trick Eye Museum made me and my friends laugh the most. It was fun trying out the different illusions in each museum. And both museums have suggestions on the sides on how to pose and markings on where to stand to make sure you take the best pictures possible. However, the love museum is definitely for adults only. But the trick eye museum and ice museum is for practically anybody! It was really cold inside the ice museum so I suggest bringing something warm to wear if you want to last longer than 10 minutes in there. Overall 10/10 would recommend.", October 2019
23,4.0,"fun with the kids, better than expected","a little crowded, but fun to take funny pics. definitely get the app to play with the vr pics. near the new harry potter cafe so a good two activities with lunch in between", May 2019
24,5.0,Trip to Trick Eye (& Love & Ice) Museum,"I went to the Trick eye museum with a few of my friends. Trying the different poses was surprisingly fun. I had always wanted to try the height illusion and had a blast seeing the pictures of the illusions. Of course finding the right position takes some work but they have some example pictures on the wall that make it easier. The moon landscape was so beautiful, those pictures came out so pretty. We also did two of the virtual reality games and that was so fun. We all had a good laugh. 10/10 I recommend.The love and ice museum are also in the same building so we did those too and I was pleasantly surprised. Ice museum was really cold so we didnt last long in there but going down the ice slide was fun. And the love museum was a laugh but definitely for adults only 😂. Overall, had a great time.", October 2019
25,5.0,Really fun! Lots of picture options,There’s so many backgrounds to take pictures on so no doubt you’ll get great pictures. They even have certain place marks to stand on to get the best picture and to truly capture the illusion. It was a great opportunity to get some fun pictures with my friends. Highly recommend!, October 2019
26,5.0,Trickeye museum ,트릭아이 인생샷~!!!!친구랑같이 같는데 엄청 이쁜 포토존 많고 커플들도  찍을수 있는 곳도 많고 돋보이게 혼자 찍는 곳도 아주 재밌거나 이뻐요 .나와서 있는 VR은 방탄(BTS)도 탄거 같에요!! Trick Eye's life shot!I'm with my friend. There are so many pretty photo zones. I think we're on BTS too!I prefer 100%, October 2019
27,3.0,Good stop and fun if you have the time,"It is a little time consuming and tedious sometimes, but it is definitely a fun experience. The photos are better without the AR sometimes and the AR APP really drains phone battery. But if you don't mind looking silly and getting down and dirty for pics, it is a lot of fun", October 2019
28,4.0,Good to experience,"This is a place for selfie lovers, photographers... the technology is really cool to experience, can get a little frustrating as some people walk into your frame right as your about to take the pic. Note the ice section is absolutely freezing and very small. I was in and out of there in 3 minutes. You are required to download an app that allows you to experience the AR.Be sure to bring a power bank because omg, it drains your battery....", September 2019
29,4.0,Love Museum,"It was a fun place to be, hilarious jokes. Can't be serious when visiting the attraction. Very simple, old school jokes. Was a great start to our Korea trip!", October 2019
30,3.0,Dated museum,Only some art pieces are 3d. the rest are normal. this is the 2nd time i come here. Feel so old the place has become., October 2019
31,5.0,Lots of fun!!!,"We had a great time, lots to see and very well laid out, we are an adult couple and highly enjoyed ourselves, it is also a very reasonable price and includes admission to the ice museum.", October 2019
32,4.0,Get the full package! Trick eye museum + ice + one VR game,"Trick eye museum was pretty fun, definitely need to download the app for the best experience (which is free and there is free wifi there as well). Spent around 50min in the Trick Eye museum, great for all ages. Staff was extremely friendly and helped out a lot of things that we were (quite stupidly) having troubles with. Best part about it is it is in the heart of the Hongdae area, surrounded by street shops and food! The museum is only around 10min walk from Line 2 Hongki University Station, but was a fun walk with all of the shops around. Get the ticket that includes the ice museum and one VR game! Love museum also one floor above that looked pretty fun.", October 2019
33,5.0,Great experience at the Trick Eye Museum!,"This is a great place to visit with friends and take some time out from shopping in Hongdae. The museum has free wifi so you can download the app on entry and take AR pics. It was a lot more fun than I expected it to be and I would highly recommend.Also visited the ice museum which was a really cool experience. There is an ice slide there that you have to try out. Would recommend taking a jacket as it is quite cold!Overall, fully enjoyed my experience in both the trick eye museum and the ice museum and had a lot of fun.", August 2019
34,5.0,A lot of fun!,"What a fun morning we had here! We bought the ticket that included the Ice Museum and Virtual Reality ride. As we were warm we went into the ice museum first. You are given a plastic poncho to put on because it is very cold. It has ice sculptures and a slide you can go on. We then had the VR ride (chose the rapids ride) before heading into the trick eye museum. This included lots of pictures and sculptures you could become part of via photography. You could download a free app that when you held it in front of the pictures turned them into 3D and made them appear to come alive. We had a ball and laughed heaps. It really was fun! If you are open minded, as we were, I recommend you go the the Love Museum upstairs on your way out...very eye opening!", September 2019
35,4.0,good place to have fun with friends,a good place to have fun with friends in Hongdae. the museum has a lot of 3D arts to trick your eyes and you can have more experiences via the application of the museum., September 2019
36,5.0,Great experience with AR services,"I visited the museum with some friends during chuseok. Never expected to have so much fun in here, the place is divided into 3 sections: ICE, TRICK EYE AND LOVE MUSEUM. The trick eye museum has so many places to take great and fun pictures. PRO TIP: Bring some friends for extra fun.", September 2019
37,5.0,Love it so much!,"I visited Trick Eyes Museum and loved it so much! It is really good program with your friends too. I went there with my husband and he really loves the Love Museum hehe 🥰We took more than 100 pictures there. I recommend to wear a nice, but comfortable dress :)! It is crazy hot in Seoul nowadays so the Trick Eyes Museum is really good indoor program.I recommend for family too, I am sure children loves colorful pictures and the atmosphere!", September 2019
38,5.0,Fun place in Hongdae!,"I went to the Trick eye Museum with a friend, they have a lot of various interactive pictures thanks to their application. It really feels like you are getting inside of the pictures and they are very realistic! Got a lot of fun staying there. we staid there for around an hour to do everything. A must if you go to hongdae!", September 2019
39,4.0,Unique Art,Being in the Trickeye Museum is like being transported to different places at one time. The 3D art were so unique and I had so much fun taking pictures there., April 2019
40,5.0,good experience at an affordable price,"two people for $22, very reasonable, and the experience was great. We took some of our favorite photos of the entire trip at the trick eye museum, especially the portrait handing the flower and the giant fish-monster (it'll make sense if you go)", August 2019
41,4.0,"Fun place, very reasonably priced","For $11 per person this was a fun experience. We got some pretty memorable photos, probably our favorite on the trip. Worth checking out if you're in the area.", August 2019
42,5.0,Super fun,They have an app that you can download that makes the art come to life. I've never seen anything like it and I imagine that we will soon all over the world. It was really fun (even as two adults). There's also tons of great street food near the venue. Bring change for the lockers., March 2019
43,5.0,amazing museum,"use the app to take animation is funny, can spend at least 2 to 3 hours playing with the animation, during our visit (morning), there was not so many people, it is important, so that we can take photo freely anywhere", May 2019
44,1.0,Worst experience ever!,Do not visit this museum when you are alone. You just loose your money. People working there are extremely unfriendly and not helpfull at all. They refuse to rake even a single picture for you. I payed a lot of money just to be there alone. It has absolutely no meaning visiting this museum if you cant have pictures. I left after the first room. I lost a lot of money for nothing. This museum should get rid of the present people “working” there and start over with a staff that enjoys working with people. Really my worst experience in 3 weeks South Korea!!!, August 2019
45,5.0,download the app for the best videos and pics,"so much fun and unique.  you can download an app that will activate an interactive scene with audio and video, like a dragon roaring and breathing fire with you in front of it.  there are some risque scenes of nudity but nothing you can't laugh off with kids.  there's also an ice museum you can pay in addition to this.", July 2019
46,3.0,Amusing but quickly crowded,"The visit was very interesting, some optical illusions were quite impressive and funny. However, you need to download the museum's app to use the proper camera inside ; it makes your phone heat up and lose battery quickly. I would recommend going right at the opening hour or during lunch because the rooms get crowded easily and it doesn't help you to make the most of the exhibit.Tip: we bought a ticket that included the entrance to the Trick Eye exhibit, the Ice Exhibit and the ""Beauty Inside"" exhibit - it's worth it!", July 2019
47,5.0,Fun place,A very good place to enjoy taking nice funny pictures. It’s good for ppl of all ages who just want to have fun., July 2019
48,5.0,Hilarious,We had such a fun experience here! Kids enjoyed it just as much as the adults. Make sure to download the free interactive app while you’re there. It will make your pictures come to life! Fabulous and well-worth the visit!, July 2019
49,3.0,Fun For Teens,My family of eight visited the Trick Eye Museum June 2019. It was very underwhelming. First you download their app onto your phone and then take videos of friends moving in front of a picture. The app allows animated action to take place and when you play it back it is fun. The museum is in the basement of the building which also includes a giant freezer with a slide and ice sculptures. If you are looking for something that takes about an hour you might enjoy this. Personally I would skip this - not because it is bad but because it isn't great., June 2019
50,5.0,"new corner for photo shooting, many people in there","I had a great time with my friends in the museum. I recommended them to go for taking photos and there is still the supermoon that can take beautiful picture. Friends were surprised to see the AR effect in the APP and it's new to my friends. Also, new corner is added near supermoon which can take pretty photos too.", June 2019
51,5.0,Fun place in Hongdae,It's a cool place in Hongdae to have fun with family! It's good to download the Trickeye carema apps to get 3D effect for the picture!, June 2019
52,5.0,Fun place to visit,is a fun place to visit for everyone~ strongly recommend to download the camera apps to capture photo or video, June 2019
53,4.0,The place was fun and interesting,"Using 3D augmented application, photos and videos get interesting and live. Fun place if you go with someone together. With one ticket you can visit both Trick eye museum and Ice museum, and it is worthy enough for 15k won. Ice museum was pretty cool, but make sure you have warm clothes in hand. 26 degree outside, -2 degree inside.", June 2019
54,5.0,"Fun, make sure to take friends!","I had such a fun time here with my wife and sister-in-law. So many cool and interesting backdrops to take photos with. It took us about 1 1/2 hours to walk through everything. There was also free entrance into an ice museum within the same building, which was small but still pretty cool! Definitely worth it if you enjoy these kinds of things!", June 2019
55,5.0,Very interesting  for both young and aged,"Very interesting using a 3D Augmented Reality App ,  you can film a short video as you become part of the action. It is worth a visit if you have a couple hours to kill especially on a rainy day. Also, included was the Ice musuem  with some interesting ice sculptures in a giant freezer.", May 2019
56,5.0,Fun Attraction,We visited the Trickeye Museum in Seoul and spent a few hours there. It has a downloadable app which activates special effects in most of their displays like a fire-breathing dragon. The app acts as a camera which you use to take photos with the special effects. The Ice Museum was basically a cold storage with ice sculptures which was even too cold for a Canadian! All in all it was great fun for CAD 20., May 2019
57,5.0,great fun,a wonderful few hours at this museum. full of illusions. they have free wifi and an app that helps you fully enjoy it so don't forget to download it for great pictures, April 2019
58,5.0,Great fun,This is a great day out. You will need to download the trickeye app to take full advantage of the various optical illusions they have here., May 2018
59,4.0,TrickEye and ice museum,"TrickEye museum was good! With the TrickEye app, it was fun clicking pictures and recording videos. Ice museum is a total waste of money/time.", April 2019
60,4.0,Family time during Spring Break,"At first I was a bit skeptical as to the level of fun to be had.  My family and I were pleasantly surprised.  We laughed a lot and giggled at many of the resultant pictures and effects.  Downloading their app was a bit annoying; however, the annoyance was quickly replaced with ""oh wow"" and ""so cool"".  The video game section needs to be expanded, plus only one game is included in the full pass.  We went into the ICE museum which is nothing more than a poor replica of a piece of a room from the Ice Village in Sweden or Canada.  We could only stay for about 10 minutes.  It would have been nice if they provided coats so that more time could be had trying to enjoy the ice room.  Overall, it was a good afternoon activity.  It works for families and friends.", April 2019
61,4.0,Fun Place to use up a couple of hours,"The museum is one of the 36 places of interest with free entry with the purchase of the Seoul Tourist Card. We took the Green line on the Metro arriving at Hongik Station. About a five minute walk should have got us there, but the street signs and the building blocks confused my Google Map and it was a little bit hard to find the single entrance with no real shop front of this basement museum.To activate the AR program, the museum provides free WiFi to download the AR App.It became quite fun and exciting (us being first timer with AR) to watch the action coming from the static paintings. We took lots of videos and photos. With limited time at each painting, and lots of tourist and families moving through the art as well, it was impossible to get the timing right to fight with dragons, surf with two sharks, etc.Still, we enjoyed the visit.The ice museum was cold, really cold, with quite a few ice sculptures, but not as exciting as the AR side.", March 2019
62,5.0,TrickEye and Ice is innovative!,"Cost is 15,000/person and covers only TrickEye and ice museum. The whole thing lasted about ~2 hours. There are a ton of different pictures with cool effects in the background using the TrickEye app. Some of them are cool, some of them are bland. It’s very creative an different. Be prepared to take lots of pictures and casual waits here and there. Most of the people there are quite oblivious and will lack the common courtesy of letting you take a picture (they just walk in front of the camera). The ice museum and small and quick. Quick because it’s very cold, -6 C. There is a cool slide in there as well as intricate decor made of ice.", March 2019
63,4.0,Fun!! ,"Well, it's fun and all but there isn't much to do in there. You'd literally be done exploring in 15 minutes. I'm being charitable with my review just because I loved their interactive 3D app. Ice museum was boring though...", March 2019
64,5.0,Fun!,Your ticket gets you access to the truck eye museum and the ice museum. After downloading their app 2-d paintings have 3-d movements. It was a lot of fun, March 2019
65,5.0,great experience & had fun in the museum,Many photos has been taken and it was fun in the museum. And using the app to see the trickeye picture is a fresh experience in 4D museum. I 'wow' many times while using the app to see picture. Also there is new comer that has a supermoon for people to take photo. it is beautiful too.I recommend to go with friends rather than solo because one person can't take many pictures and always ask help from others., March 2019
66,5.0,Even cooler pictures/videos if you use their app!,"I have been to several museums of this kind, but what made this one special was a dedicated app that made the art move or added some elements to the picture. Take someone along so you can take pictures of each other. The entry costs 15,000 won and includes the tiny Ice Museum on the same floor. And while you are here, make sure to go to Love Museum upstairs too!", March 2019
67,4.0,Trick Eye,"Lots of fun--my husband and I are in our 50's and were probably the oldest people there.  BUT it was lots of fun, well worth the cost and the pictures were lots of fun. Lots of laughs, and fighting dinosaurs was adorable", August 2018
68,1.0,Not worth it!,"Bit of a con. Nothing special, actually pretty weak. You have to do the experience using an app which annoyingly runs off your smart phone so drains the battery and definately not suitable for kids. The only interesting part is the VR arcade and they charge extra for that. Avoid!", March 2019
69,5.0,A fun afternoon,"A nice place to go to if you enjoy taking pictures. At the time I went it wasn't too crowded, so pretty easy to take a picture. I believe if I had went at a busy time of the year it would of been difficult to take any pics since people tend to stand around forever and they tend to be in big groups. I also went to the ICE area where you can take pictures of objects made of Ice. It's a nice tourist attraction to spend a few hours.", March 2018
70,4.0,"Great place for kids, teens and those who love to take funny pics","We really didn't know what we were getting into when we decided to visit the Trickeye Museum and we came on the recommendation of a friend who visited with their two kids earlier this year.Be sure your smartphone is charged as your whole experience and the memories you take with you will be captured on your smartphone. A traditional camera is useless here.When you get arrive, there is wi-fi available for you to download their app which is needed to create the special effects in the pictures and videos you take with your phone. Lots of neat optical illusions and you can get creative with your poses. And bring along a sense of humour.", November 2018
71,3.0,Did not live up to the hype.,"There were a few pictures which were neat, but several were confusing.  It was crowded and made taking pics difficult.  Would not recommend.", February 2019
72,3.0,Know what you’re getting in to ,"So, I went here alone as I was in the neighbourhood shopping and didn’t want to drag my coworker along with me while I browsed 100 beauty stores. I quickly realized that was a big mistake as 98% of this attraction is basically posing with different scenes and taking photos through the museum’s app to create an “optical illusion”. This was quite awkward being alone as I didn’t have anybody to take my photo, not to mention the scenes are quirky and people really get into it (lay on the floor etc.). I’m honestly the kind of person to stand beside a landmark and smile (with a bad fake smile and awkward hands) so all in all not really my cup of tea. But if you enjoy that sort of thing, check this place out! The sample photos were pretty cute. I liked the mirror maze at the end, and the ice museum was a cute (albeit short) experience. This is what I wished I knew before going, so I hope it helps you make your decision!", February 2019
73,3.0,It's quite okay~,"It's quite okay, but I think the place is kind of over priced just for you to take unique and 3D photos. But if you're the type who love to have tons of photo updates in your social media, then you might love the visit to this place.", October 2018
74,4.0,Great!,I went here and it was nice. There are many different attractions to see and do. Go here for some photos and fun time with your family and friends., February 2019
75,1.0,Definitely the worst experience ever ,"What ever you do, do not visit the Trickeye Museum. It is cheaply constructed and there are barely any optical illusions. All of us in our group were highly disappointed.", February 2019
76,5.0,So coooool!,Me and my wife went to the trick eye museum and ice museum. There is an AR to download for free. With the AR app things looks much more realistic and I highly recommend you to check this museum out if you are in Hongdae!, January 2019
77,5.0,Very funny:),"It's interesting and I enjoyed my visit there. It's really only for photo taking so if you're not a fan of having photos taken, then don't go, as it's not much fun only looking. I went on my own and I was lucky visitors there were happy to take a photo of me when I asked them. There will be a lady who tells you to sit for oil painting photo free trial. However as with everything what's for free, this isn't for free. You will only see the oil painted photo for free, the print outs must be paid then of course. But overall an interesting experience. Make sure you download their app prior to the visit - it's even more fun :) Someone mentioned here the love museum entry is included in the Trickeye Museum ticket. It's not. You need to pay separately for both museums despite they're in the same building only on different floors.", January 2019
78,4.0,Interesting concept,This was a very unique experience.  The interactive displays automatically link to your phone once you download their app.  Recommended for a few hours., December 2018
79,3.0,An OK way to spend an hour of your time.,"The trick eye museum is great to take pictures in with friends, but it isn't overwhelmingly fun. It is only a small distance from Hongdae exit 9 which is handy - but I would only recommend it to kill 45 mins to an hour of your time if you are doing something else in Hongdae.", January 2019
80,5.0,Great Experience,"Visitors can enjoy taking tricky pictures/videos using a mobile application, the photos seem so real. So funny place", January 2019
81,4.0,Must to go,"Really fun and you can spend more than two hours to take the photos.  Please remember to download the app before you take any photos and also put your backpack to the locker, just 500 won.  Just take your wallet and camera is good enough.", November 2018
82,3.0,the tackiest thing i have ever been to,"Its just awful. Do i regret going? im not sure, Its so bizarre. I was embarrassed in there and left with in 5 mins. The photos... well i won't be showing them on our holiday pic slide show. Was it worth it? It was different, fairly cheap hilarious to watch others and just a bit disturbing.", December 2018
83,5.0,Amazing!!,"Great place! A lot of fun, its incredible that this is the first on america! Bring your hole family and a full loaded battery so you can enjoy it properly.", January 2019
84,5.0,So much fun!,"This experience is so much fun. My husband and I visited this place. We will be visiting again and this time, with the kids. They will surely enjoy this. Get ready with your acting skills.", November 2018
85,5.0,Fun,A really fun place.  We took our kids and they loved it!  Great technology makes it even better!  Would definitely go back again!, February 2018
86,5.0,LOTS OF FUN,Really fun and LOTS of pictures plus you meet others who are willing to joke around as you take pics!Tons of variety when it comes to the pictures and creativity is involved heavily. Vr is amazing!, December 2018
87,4.0,Fantastic 4D App of Trickeye Museum,"The technology is better and better now.  The Trickeye Museum provides fantastic 4D app that allow taking wow pictures and videos beyond your imagination.  We did have pleasant surprises from using this fantastic app.  By using this app, dinosaurs are moving, angels are flying, pictures are blinking and more surprises going on ...", December 2018
88,3.0,Nice place to visit. ,"It is a nice place to visit especially if it's too cold to do something outdoors. It's pricey (much more expensive than the pass to see all palaces) and you must bring your own smartphone to ""see"" the CGI on the screen. Internet connection is sometimes slow, so you must wait some time to download the illusions to the smartphone. I think this place is more targeted for children.", December 2018
89,4.0,Cool activity,Nice experience. We had a lovely day at this wierd museum. We took a lot of great photos we can post on social media, December 2018
90,5.0,Very entertaining,"The museum is very funny. You gotta download the app to properly enjoy the animations. If you are in a group, would vê better to take group pictures. It has a Nice mirror room at the end!", December 2018
91,5.0,Lots of fun!,"Had a really great time with my wife, lots of pictures to take and the AR portion is pretty cool. Should try atleast once.", December 2018
92,4.0,Unique experience,"This place was a very unique and cool experience. My only wish is that it would be a longer expierence, but it definitely is something to not miss.", December 2018
93,5.0,Cold and fun,Nice museum. Ice museum is especially impressive. You should really check it out if you have some time in Seul, December 2018
94,5.0,Great fun!,I had a great time with my friend. Definitely recommend this museum for groups. Fantastic opportunity to take an unusual photo., December 2018
95,5.0,Interesting activity ,This is a must do in Seoul. You can easily kill an hour here with friends. It’s a very interesting experience to have with the augmented reality, December 2018
96,5.0,Interesting activities,Definitely worth going. You can use the augmented reality app to take some really cool pictures. The ice section was very cold but realistic, December 2018
97,5.0,A must do in Seoul,A once in a lifetime experience best enjoyed with friends or family. It is definitely worth the price, December 2018
98,5.0,Must do when in Seoul,Great place with lots of interesting things and definitely something different that is unique to Korea. A must visit when in Seoul!!!, December 2018
99,5.0,Interesting and fun,Nice to see some takes on classical pieces in the museum. Fun place to go with a good fun group of friends., December 2018
100,4.0,Got kids with some  Spare time????,"Wet/dry,  got( kids)  a bit of spare time, drink coffee with your image  on top, visit an ice attraction, and a TrickEye Museum... all in one place!!!!Photo opportunities abound. Order your coffee, your image is imprinted atop of the milk froth.. drink yourSelf!!!!Bit weird, but good gimmick.. coffee not great...rate. 6/10Then go to the Ice factory entrance.. some sculptures of Giant Panda, Korean children’s characters, chairs, slide..etc.. good photo opportunities for children etc Nothing out of the ordinary....Rate:  5/10Trick Eye Museum... entrance across from the Coffee shop!Inside are of  different scenes, that with the installed store  “photo app”, will make outthat one is actually taking part in the “supposed “ photo shoot”, whether it’s swimming with two sharks to riding with Pegasus and other scenes... quite realistic...Rate.... 7.5/10. Trick Eye for adults and/or kids..photo shots of differing aspects, with different positions, same scene.. can spend ????? Time!", November 2018
101,4.0,Fun-filled experience,"It was one of our bucket list when in Seoul.  Fortunately, we were lucky to have guided by two students to reach Trick Eye Museum by foot from the train station.  Then we had the best experience inside it.  Somehow it amazed me on the 3D walls and floors....it was an unforgettable experience.", May 2018
102,5.0,Fun place to explore,Have visited this museum with my family and it was fun and enjoying. My kids like it very much and they were having lots of fun.😍🤗, December 2018
103,5.0,Trickeye Mseum review,it was a fun and interesting place to visit with family. My kids enjoyed very much. i strongly recommend this place., December 2018
104,5.0,Amazing experience,Spend over 2 hour taking photos and checking the 3D animations. The mirror maze could be a challange as well, November 2018
105,4.0,Amazing Place,Trickeye Museum is very interesting and beautiful place for visiting. I really enjoyed so much even more than other places., November 2018
106,5.0,Amazing museum in seoul,It is really nice place for tourist in seoul. I would like to strongly recommend to the visitors for visiting this amazing place at least once. Don't forget to visit Love musium and Ice musium too because these places are together with treckeye musium and very beautiful places as well., November 2018
107,5.0,It is really good i like it .I will visit with my family again.,"I will advise my  friends go to visit  this place  at least one time you can see many things which will in your life, observe and enjoy a lot which is memorable and you can enjoy a lot.", November 2018
108,5.0,Our 4th date ,We came to take a few pictures for our 4th date and we were impressed by the special effects. It was such a fun experience. My favorite was the huge piranha. Totally recommended if you like pictures with friends. And you must try the app., November 2018
109,5.0,Amazing and unique experience,One of my unforgettable experience in Seoul.  We took  amazing  pics that were really appreciated by friends and family.The 3D effect is super cool and the displays are diversified so all of my friends find their favorite spots!  Don't hesitate to visit that unique museum ., October 2018
110,5.0,amazing place,trick eye museum is really a nice place that every one coming to Korea should visit for taking photos, November 2018
111,3.0,Good place to while away the time,We had fun re-creating photographs. You can blend and interact with the paintings. The Ice museum is an extra treat., November 2018
112,5.0,Mind-blowing art that defies gravity and tickles your your senses!,"Make sure you bring camera, as there are plenty of photo ops in here for sure! Spare at least 2 hours To fully enjoy this one-of-a-kind experience. It’s 3D art and optical illusions at its finest! I’ve never seen anything like it. As an added bonus, the same ticket also gives you free access to Ice Museum and Carnival Street (all in the same building). It is definitely worth the price of admission!!! By subway: get off at Hongik University Station (Line #2), exit 9. It’s about a 5-10 min. walk from there.", December 2017
113,3.0,Companion is needed,Long walk from Hongik Station.  They have apps for a much more realistic picture.  You must have a companion to take your picture or bring a tripod to take your shot, November 2018
114,4.0,AR photo was so real! Don't miss to have a cup of coffee with your photo,"The street is a small street. At basement of a old commercial building.You will be asked to download a trickeye app. Then whenever you stop at the camera sign of each spot. Hold your camera the image became alive.Explosion of volcano with fire, shark and fishes swimming to you, all the amazing effect become so real. Good family actitvites. Iceland location oppisite corner. A big commercial refridgerator with ice scrupture similar to what saw in Hokkaido japan in a much small scale. Suitable for children.Get your own image coffee at KRW8500. Firstly you take a selfie with the staff phone. The staff will prepare the coffee and foam with your photo. I ordered a hazelnut latte super thick cream! Good experience! Tips: Fully charge your phone. AR photo experience is very common in Seoul, 3D effect make your photos becone alive.", November 2018
115,5.0,Great place for taking photos,There are lots of 3D wall paintings for selfie and group photos. The mirror maze was quite tricky and some paintings would become animated with phone application. Highly recommended, November 2018
116,4.0,Neat and cool illusional art! ,"The illusional art paintings are pretty nice! The app which makes the art animated is also neat, but if you try taking photos, it’s a bit blurry (doesn’t focus). The only recommendation I’d make is at least have one or two staff around so they can help take photos for you? Cause it’s nice and neat, but would be neater if you can actually be in the photo, but it’s difficult if there’s nobody to take photos for you!", November 2018
117,1.0,It's a trap!,"Ok, so the only trick here is that they Rob you of 15000 won. We thought it was gonna be a illusion art exhibition, but it's silly bad animation all through an app on your phone, and it's all done in like 15 minutes. If you don't wanna be tricked for your money, stay away!!", November 2018
118,5.0,Just the most enjoyable experience,"It is very hard to write how much fun this place is, you enter a world where you are part of many 3D experinces its so real so when you are with dinosaurs blowing flames it is so real.We spent a couple of hours there and enjoyed every minute.Entry was about £12 best value ever", November 2018
119,4.0,"Super Fun, Something Different!","It was somewhat busy when I came here, but the rooms are big with a few different paintings per room. I opted not to download the app, just to focus on pictures, I think you'll have a great time with or without the app. Make sure to come here with friends, the whole point is to have a good time and get creative with photos. The wide range of paintings was fabulous, they ranged from everything to scary and funny to gross and weird. If you have time while on vacation and looking for something creative, give the Trickeye Museum a try!", October 2018
120,3.0,A bit of fun,"If you have been to one, it is the same everywhere.  Can still be fun.  Location tucked away in an alley, very hard to find.  Will not spend more than 3 hours here, at the most", April 2018
121,4.0,Now you see and now you don't ,"A good place to chill out. They will recommend you to download their trickeye app, and please do so. The app make all the portraits come to live, but the only downside is the app doesn't support wide angle and the picture quality is not as good if you use your own phone camera. Sometimes we use both alternatively, which cause the app to lagged and not responsive. Overall good experience.", November 2018
122,3.0,"Fun, but expensive","What fun! Make sure you have a full charge on your phone. They provide free WiFi and you need to download their app.  Not all the exhibits were working, and those that did were mixed, some were fantastic and some boring. If you have used green screen at school then this type of thing will be nothing new. You pay for entry to the trick eye and the ice museum. Wrap up warm for that as the temperature is -4 degrees. There are just ice screens to take photos with, and an ice slide to come down. It's not very big.Worth a visit if the weather is poor or you have bored kids in tow.", November 2018
123,4.0,Fun way to do silly things,"Get caught by two sharks, breathed on by dragons, filmed alongside Hollywood stars and look into your phone by dowloading the trick eye app and watch the pictures being brought to 3 D life. Combine with a shopping exercise around the famous streets of Hongdae. Cant find it - ask the Seoul volunteers close to the train station to give you some guidance. Fun place. There is also an Ice place and a bit of a kinky Love 3D version - all in the same place.", October 2018
124,5.0,A fun place to visit!,"I went here with a friend. It was fun to take pictures in the crazy scenes and there were a variety to choose from: fantasy, scary, kitschy, fun.", October 2018
125,5.0,Interesting place,"Saw this museum by walking in Hongdae with my friend, and we decided to go inside. Prices for tickets are reasonable, because we had a lot of fun in there. I was very surprised and happy that they created an application for the museum, and with application everything looks more realistic and in general museum is really worth to go to feel something unusual after a day routine. The corridor with mirrors in the end just made my day. Highly recommend!", October 2018
126,5.0,wonderful 3D Pictures,"Great place in a wonderful location, you can take your friends and family for a visit out with great time and amassing pictures", October 2018
127,5.0,Lots of fun!,Found this museum by change while walking through the area and decided to enter it spontaneously. It was really cool and a lot of fun! Its recommendable even when the weather is good... I will go again when being back in Seoul, October 2018
128,5.0,Awesome Experience in Hongdae,"Me and 4 other friends from University decided to visit the Trickeye Museum in Hongdae. You have to download an application that is called ""TrickEye"" in order to see the illusions and special effects. Free Wifi is provided. We had a lot of fun, it was a different experience seeing dinosaurs, sharks and artists coming out of the wall and interacting with its surrounding. It took us about 1-2 hours because we really enjoyed the special effects and made a lot of video and photo material.", October 2018
129,5.0,Very fun experience,Super fun museum to visit with friends and to take funny pictures. It's very interactive and there is also an app that adds VR effects. So download the app before you go., October 2018
130,5.0,"Nice AR experience, fun museum.","With the application they provide, you can get a lot of nice AR effects, illusions and also nice photos. With the AR technology, it's definitely worth the price to go in and have a look. But it will be more fun to go with a bunch of friends.", October 2018
131,2.0,Sucked pretty bad,"Overpriced and pretty boring. There wasn’t much to do or see compared to the price. The ice museum was alright but the trickeye in itself was boring, old, and cheesy", October 2018
132,5.0,funny interactive museum,"Illusions, statues, VR, canvases - all you can find here. Better go with somebody if you want to make photos. I have never seen anything like this before. You need to download an app in order to have the complete experience. My phone was out of battery when I came here, but I could charge my phone directly in the museum, so at the end I could enjoy it :).", October 2018
133,4.0,"Great fun for the family, neat app!","We had the Discover Seoul Pass (DSP) & made a trip here after one of our day tours (most tours stop at Hongik Univ stn). Easy to find & redeem as it's one of the attractions under the DSP, together with the Ice Museum.The counter staff was not friendly as we had questions how to download the app. Service was curt & no smiles from the staff there. They appeared impatient, maybe because it was near closing time.U need the app to enjoy the museum. It's kind of small & u can get through within 1 hr.It's definitely something different from the usual 3D places, and we were happy to have experienced the fun!", October 2018
134,5.0,Trickeye and ice museum,This museum was super enjoyable. Me and my son really really enjoyed and liked it. This is a recommendable place. Really loved it♡ want to go again&again, October 2018
135,5.0,trickeye museum,4 days agoloved it! Will be going back. Can spend all day enjoying the museum.My son loved it so much he kept asking to go there again😍😍, October 2018
136,5.0,Fun night at Trick Eye Museum,"Went with my friend after dinner. The staff were friendly and explained everything to us before we start the tour. We downloaded the AR app and had so much fun seeing the eye-popping effects! Love the illustrations as well, colorful and meticulously drawn. It's definitely worth a visit!", October 2018
137,5.0,Great place,"Plenty of fun, nice and helpful personnel, creative design and good value for the price. Thank you very much", November 2017
138,5.0,Unexpected highlight of our trip! ,"We didn’t really plan to come here, but came here on our final night before leaving Seoul! It was only such great fun and made us feel like kids. We had a great time taking photos and checking out all of the effects for each one. We arrived at 7pm and left just as it was about to close at 9pm. We also had fun in the ice museum, especially going down the slide. The ice museum is really small, but you can’t stay in there for long anyway as it’s so cold!", October 2018
139,5.0,The most interesting AR experience,"I went to AR museum with my friend,we took many interesting photo using illusion period, the effect of AR make the picture much more lifely, it was a very unique and fun experience.", October 2018
140,3.0,Bad value per price. 나는 차라리 영화를 보겠다...,"About 14 USD for the Trick Eye and Ice Museums. Fair price for me is about 7 or 8 USD which is the price for a movie in a theater in Korea. This is very good for kids... and that's all. Not that special. I don't know why it has good review rate. In the ice museum, it's so cold. If you are sensitive to the coldness, it is not good idea to go inside. And the art work made of ice... I don't know it's worthy... seeing... It's very for the kids... not for adults.....트릭아이와 아이스 두 곳 방문하고 1만5천원인데, 영화 한편을 2시간 감상하는 것(8천원 정도)과 비교한다면 난 '영화'를 선택하겠다. 그리고 이 박물관의 가격은 7~8천원 정도가 적당하다고 본다.원래는 트릭아이 미술관이었던 모양이네... 이제 돈독이 오른 거냐... 홍대 주변 건물값 상승과도 관련되어 있겠지만....착시 효과를 일으킬 만한 작품들이 많이 있긴 하지만, 이게 정말 신기하거나 흥분을 불러일으킬만하지는 않다. 이런 작품 한두개는 이미 경험한 사람들이 대부분일 것이다.이건 결국 가격이라는 견론에 도달한다. 너무 비싸다. 아무리 봐도 7~8천이 적당해보인다.그리고 아이스 뮤지엄은 정말 춥다. 냉동고에 들어가는 느낌 그대로다. 여기 유지하는 유지 관리비(전기)가 정말 많이 나올 것 같더라. 뭐 굳이 가격이 비싸다면 이것때문이 아닐까? 그러나 그 정도로 아이스 박물관이 볼만한 가치가 있다고는 말 못하겠다. 얼음으로 만든 조각품 감상 정도다....", September 2018
141,4.0,3D museum worth checking out!,Very fun 3D museum that uses their mobile app for augmented reality in your pictures. App was so-so but fun none the less. Love museum (R18) is above this.The place is worth checking out if you havent been to a 3D museum. You need someone to take your picture so going solo is not recommended. The more the merrier.Its quite tiring to get the right shots so do not rush through them.Also some murals may contain some mature content so please do not bring small kids., October 2018
142,5.0,Fun Place,Venue is well done with both pictures and an app for your phone that adds moving graphics. It's a pretty good size and a good time. Best with friends that don't mind acting a bit foolish in pictures., October 2018
143,4.0,Worthy visit,Free admission with Discover Seoul Pass (24/48/72 hours) value cardDownload the Trickeye Museum APP and enjoy your photo shots!, September 2018
144,4.0,"Fun, but not ideal for solos","I found out about this place while trying to think of something to do to kill time before my flight home. I'm glad I found it, as it was quite amusing. However, I wasn't able to embrace the experience fully as I had no company with me to take those tricky pics. hahaha. If you download the TrickEyee app, you can use it to see some animations for several of the artwork. It's definitely worth going a next time with friends or family. Also, brace yourself for the Ice room.", October 2018
145,4.0,Fun,"Great place for Pictures and fin with your friends, small place it will take you 20 min but it is worth it, make sure to go with your phone and friends to take los off vídeos más Pictures.", September 2018
146,5.0,Loved the place,Download the Trickeye Mobile App to take 3D videos and pictures. We enjoyed taking pictures and videos. Be sure to bring extra clothes if you plan to enter the Ice Museum. It was so cold there., September 2018
147,5.0,Was One of the Best Experiences In Korea!,"I heard a lot about this place from other people and was so excited to visit this place. Recently visited this place and jaw dropped. The three hours I spend there wee full of fun, Laughs and lot of picture taking.Their Trickeye app on your phone is the Jem and adds a lot to the fun.To all the people and foreigners out there do visit this place at least fun. one of a life time experience", September 2018
148,5.0,Amazing date spot for cute pictures!,It was really cool to be able to take fun pictures in the trick eye museum. The pictures come out some cute and it’s a really great date idea or going there with family!, October 2018
149,3.0,Give a try for an exp. ^^,"- Price: 15k KRW/ ticket for: Ice and TrickEye museums.- Location: Ok, near exist number 9 - Honggik university station.- English: Very good Iam not that one that really into some art like this than 15K won is a little expensive to me.Any, it is really good to take ur kids to. ^^", October 2018
150,4.0,"Fun, only if you cant plan any other activities.","It's a fun experience, But do this only if you cant plan any other activities.if you need to be indoor due to rain then it's perfect. Pros : 1. Fun if you are a couple.2. Photo areas are marked.Cons: 1. Not many items for group inclusion.", May 2018
151,5.0,Wonderful place to go with friends,It's so funny to go with friends.Use your imagenation and you can poste as intersting as you do. Enjoy it!, September 2018
152,4.0,Neat photo effects,Came across this museum hoping it was more 3D and optical illusions but it’s more of a staged photo background. Granted the resulting photos are really neat it’s not for the selfie. The effect is lost. It’s fun to pose with friends da and family and laugh at the resulting photos. 15000w gets you in the TrickEye and the Ice museum which are cute ice sculptures in a freezer. It was fun to visit but bring a friend so they can take pictures of you., September 2018
153,5.0,A place to shoot spectacular pics and vids,"If you wanna record yourself fighting sea monsters from Jason's quest for the golden fleece, poisonous snakes hanging from the ceiling or dinos from Jurassic Park, this is the right place to go. The app is easy to download and use, and the results are astounding!", August 2018
154,5.0,Very Vivid 3D effect,a must place to visit in Seoul! highly recommend download the TrickEye app and it will totally blow your mind how vivid the 3D effect is!!! I enjoyed it a lot and the pictures will surely become very popular in your Instagram!, August 2018
155,5.0,A must if you're in Seoul,The place is amazing. It's suitable for all ages and it's a super fun experience to enjoy with friends or family. You must bring a phone otherwise you'll be missing a lot since there's an app that you can download to make the experience even more fun. Very cool place! Totally recommended!, August 2018
156,5.0,Good 3D effect,"The place is amazing. I would suggest you to go there for sure. You can go with you family, friends and with anybody you want. It is a complete fun place. You can do lot of activities and use different tricks with 3D effect to take pictures. The museum his own camera app, which is great. You can use the app by which pictures come out with more 3D effect. It was a complete fun!", August 2018
157,5.0,SUIT FOR ALL AGES,"This place can be visited by young people, children, or elderly people. The ticket price is not pricy compared to the view we can enjoy :D make sure to bring your phone or camera or you will regret! There is also ice room you can visit anyway!", August 2018
158,5.0,VERY FABULOUS 3D EFFECT,"This is my very first time coming to the 3D Museum and I was amazed with the QR code from the admission ticket which can be linked to Trickeye Apps. In that apps, I applied a lot of photo backgrounds in the museum and there are several effects coming from the screen when we put the camera in front of the selected photo background. 5 out of 5!", August 2018
159,5.0,My dream as a ballerina has been fulfilled :),I went with my friend last weekend and we had so much fun! It was so interesting to pose in various ways and we had lots of laughs. My favourite display was the one in which you could be a ballerina on stage!, August 2018
160,3.0,Fun for family,This is an interesting place with 3 attractions in one place. However please note the Love museum is for adults only not for children., July 2018
161,5.0,A MUST visit place!,"It was superb, have been there 2 years ago and still lots fun during my recent visit. The renovated facilities with AR techniques impressed me:) definitely will visit again!", August 2018
162,5.0,Fun Date !,"A nice a fun place to go for a date, you will laugh a lot for sure ! The VR experience is also really nice and even though you can think that it’s a enjoyable place for kids, but believe me some adults had more fun than some kids while posing with the interactives brackgrounds ! Go with a fully charged phone and enjoy some fun time with your family, lover or Friends !", August 2018
163,5.0,Hongde Must See place,"Interesting to visit place for families and couple/groups. I was there by myself and had no problem to enjoy the place. THE NEW VR section was a most amazing for me. Literarily tried out every attraction. If you are in Korea, In Seoul and around hongde the this place is must.", August 2018
164,4.0,Trickeye Museum Seoul Korea,This is kind of one of the fun place...You can take a lot of great pictures with the back drops if you can pose and capture the right angles...., September 2017
165,5.0,Fun museum in Seoul,"Go there and get some funny photos while in Seoul. Also, like the Ice Museum next door, one ticket, you can visit 2 museum. where kids and adults all enjoy, all made out of ice.", July 2018
166,5.0,Absolutely go to this place ,Honestly one of the highlights of the trip. It is just pure unadulterated bizarre fun. AND your ticket includes an ice museum which I won’t say anything about because it will spoil the shock when you enter..., August 2018
167,5.0,Definitely Worth a Visit,I came in the fall of 2015 with my mom.  We both had fun taking photos and definitely recommend this place.  Of course it's best to come with at least 2 people for the purpose of taking photos.  I think it's fun for both kids and adults., August 2017
168,4.0,Good Time,This place is definitely worth a visit. The trick art shows a lot of talent. There are several cleverly done pieces. Make sure you have your camera or your phone. Should only take you a few hours to leisurely go through the museum. It’s perfect for a rainy day., August 2017
169,5.0,What an experience!,"Something absolutely out of the ordinary, you download their app and you enter this magical world of illusions and eye tricks. Our 9 yrs old daughter loved it and so did we!", June 2018
170,4.0,Fun place,"Place to bring teens and pre-teens who are bored of the history museums, temples, and palaces of Seoul.  Fun place for adults also.  It was 90 degrees farenheit outside but below freezing in the Ice section of their museum so definitely wear the poncho.", July 2018
171,4.0,Fun fun fun,Great place to take the kids. Make sure u download the app and charge your phone. It’s kinda hard to find because it’s in the middle of nowhere. Once inside it’s just amazing. The art and illusions are fun to experience and they even had a ice museum which was perfect for the summer heat., July 2018
172,5.0,Fun Acticity,Fun thing to do. We found it through TripAdvisor and paid a visit. Good place for optical illusion photos. Perfect if it rains., September 2017
173,4.0,Cool!,This place is amazing.  The tricks your eyes play through the camera are amazing.  lots of fun.  There are 3 museums in 1 although one is adult only.  The ice portion is a great way to cool down on a hot day., July 2018
174,3.0,overrated,"went with some friends. honestly its cool for the first few minutes but at the end of the day all it is is lining up, taking pictures then moving onto the next exhibition. honestly its overrated an . kinda pricey for what it isl,...", July 2018
175,4.0,Beautiful place ,"Very nice place and amazing.. good for all ages .. everyone visit this museum will enjoy and fun .. .Ticket price for adult 15000 KRW and for child over 3 years 12000 KRW, Child below 3 years free", July 2018
176,3.0,Just for kids,"Limited areas to go around. Location of museum is a little bit difficult to find. The ""walking dead"" area needs to improve.", May 2018
177,5.0,Funny,There are not only taking 3D photo. Using the apps can take the 3D video which the picture is look like alive. It was very funny to take the photo and video. It is a great idea for the 3D picture. I was have fun with my friends, June 2018
178,5.0,A nice visit in trickeye museum,The museum is located in hongik university station which is a hot spot for tourists. The museum provides lots of interesting painting for us to take photos. We spend a nice day in the museum!, June 2018
179,3.0,Painting gallery & Mirror Maze,"I visited Trick eye museum, in the heart of  Hongdae (artistic and youthful district) for a day tour. It is a 3D Painting gallery of optical illusion and  augmented reality.  The paintings are regular and the 3D corners are average. I really enjoyed the Mirror Maze on the way out. You will be lost and dizzy trying to exit the maze because your reflection in the mirror is haunting you, making you believe that you have found the way out. You might be terrified in a fun way. SEE photos.", June 2018
180,4.0,Trick Eye Seoul,"Fun place to when it is cold for an hour. Except the Ice Museum its cold, be careful not slip like i did. Very busy  come early.", January 2018
181,5.0,值得親子或朋友一起相伴玩樂的好去處,"Trickeye Museum and Love Museum在同一棟,所以很適合在Trickeye逛完後再到Love Museum遊玩,Trickeye 裡面有很多場景看到時覺得應該沒有很真,但其實拍完照片後覺得很像身境在擺設的場景裡,在照片裡的效果呈現出來特別好.", June 2018
182,5.0,Hilarious,"We went there one and a half hour before closing time and there were no people - we had so much fun and took millions of pictures. Although it might sound a bit stupid, I am sure everyone will enjoy it :)", June 2018
183,5.0,It was fun !,"Together with the ticket to TrickEye Museum you will get an Ice Musen ticket included, which is located in the same area. Additionally, this ticket will give you a discount in case you want to visit love museum, which is located one floor higher. In trick eye Museums you can download an app that animates images/videos, quite cool :) it is also quite big, we have taken tones of funny pictures!", June 2018
184,4.0,Nice pictures,"We got our ticket for trick eye and ice museum at klook. We enjoyed the different sceneries and taking lot of pictures with our camera and their APP. My android phone isnt supported for video, only pictures. At one time, my phone got too hot, so I had to let it rest while we just used our camera. But the effects were nice as well.For the ice museum, we brought our winter gear - jacket, hoods, gloves. So we were able to stay there a bit longer than others around 30mins only.It was sad that the korean costume shop in the facility has already closed. But still, we had fun.", June 2018
185,4.0,Interesting Place,"You need to download the apps on to your phone to get the full 3-D effects to take pictures at the various stations.The area around this museum is very lively full of young people and interesting cafes, restaurants and shops.", May 2018
186,5.0,bring a powerbank!,"grab their app, and run your batteries out with how many pictures and videos you will take!!! oh and bring a coat for the ice museum", May 2018
187,4.0,"Cheesy, but surprisingly fun!","Subjected to a heavy rain day, we decided to try the museum - for two adults we had a remarkably good time!  We were fortunate that it was not very busy, but having other people there would likely provide additional amusement.", May 2018
188,1.0,Not worth the money!,Rubbish in every aspect and well over-priced! The museum is situated in an area of Seoul that is smelky and dirty. Don't bother!, May 2018
189,5.0,cool app!,"It's our first time to be in a 3D museum. I thought it was just for taking pictures. But in Trickeye, they have an app that makes the exhibits ""come alive"". Some of the signage where you should take your pictures to have that 3D effect needs to be replaced because some of it are already blurred.", March 2018
190,5.0,Best unqiue experience,I would like to first of all to thank my girlfriend for taking me to this amazing place. It was very fun moment for me especially when I discovered that i could use a special app to have the unique visual effect background for each images. I really recommend this place to people from all over the world!, May 2018
191,5.0,Unlimited Fun,The place is amazing. There are lot of cool stuffs to see in there. I visited the Ice museum which was really cool. All the things inside was made of ice. It's really a cool place. Couples are highly recommended to go. I had lot of fun with my friends. Amazing experience., May 2018
192,5.0,Most amusing and fun place in Seoul: must-visit!,"I went to Trick Eye Museum with my boyfriend last weekend and we had SO much fun! We started by experiencing the new 3D option available through an app to enjoy even more the trick-eye paintings and it was super realistic and beyond our expectations! Then we visited the Ice Museum which was super interesting (we loved the iced slide!) even if ""of course"" really cold. Then we ended the visit by the Love Museum and that was just a whole bunch of laughter !!! The trick-eye paintings are just amazing and we really loved this part even more. I would say the ice museum and trick eye museum can be visited with family members or boyfriend/girlfriend and of course, the love museum is a great ""couple activity"" :)", May 2018
193,5.0,"Super funny, must must must visit place","Don't skip this place while in Seoul! We had really nice time taking hilarious pictures. Everybody who visit this place can't stop laughing, so funny it is. Download Trickeye Museum App, it adds animations to the picture.", May 2018
194,5.0,Hilarious and super fun,We visited the museum because of the hype of other friends going AND IT WAS COMPLETELY WORTH IT! The photos you will get are super funny and laughing will be ensured. Absolutely recommendable., May 2018
195,5.0,Great experience!!,"Very interactive and interesting museum. You will be surprised by what the museum app does. Great to visit with frinds, family or as a couple; it a good brake from traditional sightseing and gives a glipms of korean society likes; also is located in a  fun and young neighbourhood, so i would definitly recomed vsisting.", May 2018
196,4.0,"Interesting views, but needs a bigger screen","Trickeye museum has interesting pictures and animation combined, but needs a phone or tablet with a camera and bigger screen, and you need to download and use their app to see the animations. From the same floor you can also go to Ice museum or try out some VR stuff like shoot some zombies etc. Above this museum is also the Love museum. The ideas in the rooms were great, but the rooms itself were a bit small for most of them, so it was impossible to grasp them fully.", May 2018
197,4.0,Fun Photos,The tickets here was included in the Discover Seoul Pass. We had entrance to the ice display as well as the museum.The ice museum was in a giant freezer and had carvings of different things like a throne or a bear. They also had a huge slide which was quite fun to slide down.The Trick Eye museum itself was really interesting. It is way more enjoyable with other people as it probably wouldn't make sense if you're alone. One person stands at the photo spot and other people just do what they want and the outcome is generally a hilarious photo. Some were a lot easier to understand than others but there were plenty of photo ops.It wasn't too busy when we were there but I can see how it can get really busy as people try to get the perfect photo.They also had a virtual reality area where you can play some VR games but it is extra to the museum tickets.Quite an enjoyable experience but I think it depends on who you go with., December 2017
198,3.0,"A little pricey and trashy, but fun",A silly place to take your kids to break up the cultural stuff in Seoul. Lots of funny scenes to be photographed in. Great position for shopping and food once you have done it. A little pricy in my opinion., April 2018
199,5.0,This place is hilariously fun!,"Some friends and I spent about 2 hours taking photos and laughing like crazy as we toured this super fun ""museum."" I've never seen anything like it! If you enjoy puzzles, mazes, or optical illusions, you will adore this museum! Make sure to stow your stuff in the lockers before entering the museum - you are going to want your hands free! This would be a fun place to take a date, too.", February 2018
200,5.0,Great Experience To watch ....,It was great to Experience a New thing in my life and i enjoyed a lot There And I don’t wanna come back But my friends pulled me to go back I go very deeply And enjoying....The AR Experience Hope to visit again With my Family and Friends....yippeeee, February 2018
201,5.0,amazing experience,came here with a couple of friends and had an amazing time at the museum! You can take many great pictures and videos in the different rooms and the ice museum is also included in the price. I'd definitely recommend visiting!!, April 2018
202,5.0,Great place for a fun afternoon,"Came here with friends on a gloomy afternoon and had a lot of fun going through the exhibition!! All the rooms are differently themed and you can take some great AR pictures/ videos. The Ice Museum is also included in the ticket price.. really beautiful, just remember to put on a jacket before going in :) Perfect for a rainy day or when you just wanna have a chill time with friends or a partner!", April 2018
203,5.0,Amazing experience,"I went with a couple of  friends and it was really amazing! Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a great time and great laughs! Plus, the ticket gives you access to the Ice Museum, which adds to the fun! :-)", April 2018
204,5.0,Review,Awesome museum experience with very friendly staff! Also the ice museum is in the ticket price included!! Definitely a must visit!, April 2018
205,5.0,"Fresh concept, not typical 3d art, but AR","I liked the museum especially the application. Augmented reality is high technology which is used in here to entertain customers like myself;) was a feeling of sort of futuristic entertainment !For sure you do not want to go alone since selfies will not work well in here.VR space and Love Museum are good bonuses, we had fun as a package .", April 2018
206,2.0,I Don't Get It,"I'm so glad that many people seem to have had a positive experience at this place.  Then again, I'm noticing that many of them are mentioning great Instagram photo ops and I'm not much of a proponent.The attraction is a self-guided walk-through of about 10-15 rooms of loosely-related murals painted on the walls and the ground that cause optical illusions with you the main subject when photographed from the right angles.When my friend and I visited it was very crowded with people falling over each other as they tried to take shots of their friends/family in the various corners of the rooms and kept backing into one another.  It was quite humorous to watch actually.I think this is a great attraction for families with young kids or Instagrammers that want a fun shot.  If one of these two categories doesn't really apply to you, you're not missing out on much and you'll have 15,000 Won more in your pocket.", April 2018
207,5.0,One of a kind museum in Seoul,"This museum is definitely one of a kind! I had so much fun with my friend here, and furthermore with the aid of the app, it just made the experiences a whole lot better! I've always wanted to go to a trickeye museum, and i glad that i finally decided to just go for it! Definitely a must place to visit before leaving Seoul.", April 2018
208,5.0,Perfect place for Instagram pictures,i loved this place. Its so fun. Went with 1 friend but i wish we were more. Dont forget to take aomething warm because the ice museum is cold., April 2018
209,5.0,Not ordinary museum,I didnt know that museum can be so interesting and funny! Moreover this museum has its own app which makes you believe in 3d reality through the special app camera. 🤗🤗 100% of enjoymen)), April 2018
210,5.0,Best Experience in Seoul,"Amazing option to escape from all the saturated ""historical & cultural trips"". The children loved it.Funny pictures, memorable time and a repeatable experience. Definitely I will come back with my family and retake the same pictures in a few years to compare and relive our family history.", April 2018
211,5.0,It is Fun and Mindblowing,"The Trickeye Museum is in the heart of Seoul City, Hongdae. Get ready to be thrilled with all the paintings and images that pop up from the AR. What is unique about the Trickeye Museum? The AR effects. It offers free wifi to enable you to download the app and use the AR effects as you explore all the awesome sections.It is best to visit with friends. Aside from that, take a quick tour of the Ice Museum and the Love Museum as well. It is extremely cold in the Ice museum, but worth the visit. Best to visit on a weekend that you seek to have fun.", April 2018
212,5.0,"A fun day with for couples, friends or families","The day in the trick eye museum was wonderful. We went on a weekday around 10, so the museum was not busy at all which was perfect to take pictures. We had so much fun taking funny pictures. A day not to forget.", April 2018
213,5.0,Fun place,"Had a good laugh with my friend! When you download the free app, the paintings come alive, which makes the experiences even more fun. Definitely worth a visit if you enjoy taking silly photos and have a spare hour.", March 2018
214,5.0,Entertaining,Fun and quick visit to this museum located in a lively neighborhood. Great to do with friends and good for all ages. Make sure you have a full phone battery and download the app in advance to save time and take full advantage of the AR offerings., April 2018
215,5.0,Fun for pictures and videos,I went with a friend and had a blast! the illusions are a mix of AR and 3D which makes it really interesting and fun to make short videos of yourself. I also visited the ice museum which was a mix of cute ice sculptures and my fav an ice slide. If you like making a fool of yourself and taking pictures this is def the place to check out., April 2018
216,5.0,An awesome place!,I had a lot of fun! The illusions are amazing and there are a lot of spots to take awesome pictures. I really liked an app that makes pictures “move” and you can make videos with effects. This place is definitely worth visiting!, March 2018
217,5.0,Fun with friends,I really loved to go there with my friends. I had lot of fun and is a place where i will definitely want to go with my boyfriend also. I love the AR thing and i took funny pictures., April 2018
218,3.0,Smaller than I thought,"It was fun and an escape from the cold outside during my visit. But, it was smaller than I thought. I was surprised when I have already reached the exit.", March 2018
219,4.0,Good for a rainy day!,"Even though the museum is quite pricey, it’s still fun for a cold or rainy day. You can take tons of (admittedly cheesy) photos and their app is quite cool.", April 2018
220,5.0,Fun and enjoyful,"I visited the museum with my friend recently and it was really fun. It's really innovative and they even provide a special smartphone app for camera so you can take even more interesting photos, with a lot of animations for the main part of the museum, Trickeye museum. The ice and Love museum are also interesting and creative.", April 2018
221,5.0,Great experience in a mesmerising museum!,"I have visited the museum with my friends I'm so happy I finally decided to do it! All 3 parts of the museum are so fun and interesting. I loved how every picture had instructions with how is the best way to take photos and I don't regret I went through the cold from Ice Museum. My favorite one is the Love one, we had so much fun and really made our day. I am glad we went and had so much fun since soon enough the exams period begins!", April 2018
222,5.0,creative and fun stuff!,"Have seen pictures taken here a million times on instagram, always wanted to visit, and it was totally worth it! Really liked the app, too, got some crazy pictures! Memorable and lots of fun, you gotta use your creativity to get the best possible pics, really liked all the options.", March 2018
223,5.0,Great for a date!,"Even if you're not at the ""Love Museum"" level yet, this is a great place to come with a significant other. Ideally, come on a double date, so you can take pictures of each other together in the many interesting displays. Make sure to charge your phone first! ^_^", March 2018
224,5.0,A really fun experience!,"I went to the Trickeye museum with my friend and it was so much fun! Had a good laugh in Love museum, and Trickeye itself has many awesome illusions! Highly recommend visiting it, especially with friends!", March 2018
225,5.0,Instamoment,This place is GREAT for Instagram / Facebook pictures !!! They also created an app so you  can hace great vidéos too  !!! I recommande this place 100% ! It's  a place To visit with your friends and To have fun pictures!, April 2018
226,5.0,A thrilling experience,"If you are looking for cool activities in Seoul, make sure to visit the Trick Eye Museum (also Love Museum and Ice Museum - all in the same location). You’re going to take lots of photos and amazing videos with your friends.Remember to bring extra battery because you will want to keep it registered in your social media.", March 2018
227,5.0,Awesome place in Seoul!,"I've recently visited this museum as part of my bucket list for places to see before I leave Korea.It was a lot of fun and overall a great experience. There was also a helper who would kindly take pictures of me and my friend whenever we needed one. And there are A LOT of spots to take awesome pictures! Definetly a place to watch out for if you're looking for a fun day out. I have visited the main museum and the Ice Museum, which features a room made entirely of ice!", March 2018
228,5.0,Coolest place in the city! ,I didn't expect this museum to be this good!! Really loved all the effects and the originality of each one of the attractions!! The augmented reality app is just incredible!, March 2018
229,5.0,So fun!!! Must go!!!,"I loved it! Before you go, make sure to download the app and take an extra battery because you will be using your phone a lot! The more friends you take, the more fun it gets! We spent about 2 hours there between the Trickeye, Love and Ice museum so make sure to have enough time and I recommend going during the weekdays when there's less people so you can take good videos!", March 2018
230,5.0,Fun and Enterteinment at its finest!,"It is a completely different experience from any other place in Seoul, the place is just amazing, Nice Effects on the Museum app and constantly improving!, It's my second time going there and I was surprised by a lot of new effects in the Augmented reality app! I was able to spent a great time with my family!", March 2018
231,4.0,Fun Place,This place is a fun place for family and friends. You can spend a couple of hours taking 3d pictures. You can also download their application to enjoy the effects better. Worth the visit. This is for the young and young at heart., March 2018
232,5.0,Fascinating and amazing Place at Seoul.,"Itis very amazing to visit Trickeye Museum:you can try to come here and you can also do some of these things:1. you can take a photo (with trickeye application) and get the amazing result in your photo. beautiful photo with powerful motion of anime.2. you also ca get experience and know about some history from this museum.3. you can bring your child and play with him around this museum.Thank you for amazing experience, Trickeye Museum^^", March 2018
233,5.0,Extremely funny,"Recommendations: Recharge your phone power before visiting. I did the mistake of taking my phone without battery and I regret. The place is funny, curious and interesting! I'm very sure you may take at least 20-30 pictures all around the facilities~~ the designs are cool, the time is nice, and the experience is simply funny. I definitely will go back with a better camera 😅", March 2018
234,5.0,Great 3D Experience!,I was so surprised how amazing is Trick Eye Museum with the application! I had a great time taking videos with effects. Definitely worth to go there! A museum is bigger than I expected so I take plenty of pictures! My friends love them hahaha, March 2018
235,1.0,Gets old very fast,"Totally overhyped. Boring as can be after the novelty of the first few exhibits wears off. Need the app to see most of the ""tricks"" which are basically just CGI overlays. App will drain ur battery too. Was looking forward to actual trompe l'oiel art, which can be very creative, but this museum had only pokemon-go type facile tricks. Absolutely disappointing.", March 2018
236,5.0,Great experience for everyone ;),"Really fun activity basically for everyone! I've been there 3 times and it only gets better. Now, when we can use the trickeye app, it makes the whole experience really unforgettable. I highly recommend it!", March 2018
237,4.0,Fun Time with Family,"I went to this museum with my family and all of us thought that was a very fun place to go. However, it was a bit crowded when we got there so I guess it'd be better if you could go as early as possible to avoid the crowd.", January 2018
238,5.0,A must-go place on your trip to Seoul!,"I visited the Trickeye Museum with a friend and we had so much fun! Especially now that they have the Trickeye App, our experience was even more exciting, as we were able to take lots of amazing photos and videos in Augmented Reality!", March 2018
239,5.0,Favorite place in Seoul,Trickeye museum is a an amazing place to hang out. The trickeye app made our experience even more amazing. Special tip:  the museum is fun no matter what age you are! :), March 2018
240,5.0,OMG,"So apparently the Trickeye Museum is  a whole AR paradise. You got the trickeye app that brings everything to life AND the themes change everyone. Then there is the ice museum, love museum and trick adventure?? Well I loved every single minute of it.", March 2018
241,4.0,Fun Time,This place is worth visiting with the family. We had fun taking the 3d pictures. You could also download the app to enjoy it better. Fun place for the young and the young at heart!, March 2018
242,3.0,Too many people no time to take photographs,It can get very busy and you do not have the time to take photographs very people are very pusy and take their time which causes problems very disappointed, March 2018
243,5.0,It was fascinating amusement place that I've ever see.,"First, I live at Korea a round 2 years ago, I just know Jeju and Nami island.but, after I get information that there is some another amusement place a round, that was Trickeye Museum,directly I go to there and check it. its very fascinating place:1. you can take a photo with image motion in trickeye museum. its can be captured by application named trickeye.2. you get experince to know about some history at that museum3. you can play with your children in ice museum and etc.its very good recommendation.", March 2018
244,5.0,A must go place,"I am glad I took some time out to visit this museum. Amongst the three museums located in the same place, Trickeye Museum is my favorite. What really surprised me was that the when you look at the art with a naked eye or with any camera, they look just like any normal beautiful painting but when you use the Trickeye App Camera, they come to life. I will definitely recommend my colleagues to visit Trickeye Museum", March 2018
245,5.0,Nice Place to Visit,"The Place consists of three separate museums, 1) Trickeye museum 2) Ice museum and 3) Love museum. All of them are good but The Ice Museum is a must visit place, especially if you have Children.", March 2018
246,5.0,A fascinating experience with Art,"I've been always wanted to visit this museum because I saw many nice and interesting photos of my friends before. And finally last weekend I had a chance to go with my friends.I would recommend this museum to someone who1. Likes to experience new things: There are 3 sections that I went through including Ice museum, Trickeye museum and Horror. You would appreciate the nice and arty walls, lovely atmosphere. Seems like immerse yourself into another world2. Interested in art and creative : all of the designs in this museum is in 3D so you can appreciate such nice pictures and models which you can actually be in. Tips: remember to wear something without hat or neck cover, dress comfy so you can fit in.3. Love taking photos: yes you're gonna have a whole album after getting out lol4. Find somewhere to spend the weekend with friends or partner: This is a pretty cool place to hang out. You would have good memories and photos here.The ice museum didn't very impress me because I've been to bigger ones in my home country. But I love the horror section ^^ Scared me a little bitI love the mermaid one because it just matches my jacket color haha. Will recommend it to my friends who visit Korea in the future", March 2018
247,3.0,"Fun for the kids, just okay for the parents","Kids love this kind of stuff. Situated in a bustling University neighborhood, this place is full of young people, college students and tourists. They recommend you download the Trickeye App which makes the photos you take become 3d videos.  I'd rather be sightseeing but it was nice quirky diversion for the kids. It doesn't take long to go through it, less than an hour.", February 2018
248,4.0,Trick eye museum,Hongdae is a famous shopping street. There is Trick Eye Museum here. Especially love room is only for adults. It is very interesting., March 2018
249,4.0,A garden of wonder,"It was kind of difficult to find, but once we did it was amazing! Interactive pieces of art. Truly brings out the kid in you. Also the ice house is super fun be sure you bring a coat! Would definitely go again", July 2017
250,5.0,Bloody awesome,"We spent hours here perfecting our acting skills and photography. I recommend trying to go there not on a public holiday or a weekend. Lots of people. Many pictures you need one or two takes to get it right. It’s actually best to go with al least 3 people as many of the trickeye you need 2 people in the picture and one person to take the picture. Make sure you bring your mobile as you have to download an app and use that to take picture to bring your picture alive.We got a little lost walking from station to the place. Directions aren’t that good but there ar signs as you get closer to the place.If you go to the ice museum which is next door, bring a jacket and gloves. It’s freezing in there. I lasted 10 mins and I was out of there.Love museum is another exhibit upstairs. Extra admission fee.", February 2018
251,5.0,Was fun,"Looking for someplace to go when it’s raining looking to just have fun . You should check them out . The location is a but out of range you stopped to ask questions a few times but when you get there it’ll be fun . It’s actually a make of 3 sections , the love museum which is explicitly for adults based on the content , the trick eye then the ice museum . But you choose which you wanna do first that’s totally up to you . However the ice museum during the winter you will just wanna pop in take a few pics and get out as it can be quite cold but very creative . Overall experience great tons of fun and surprises that’ll have you laughing .", February 2018
252,4.0,Amazing time,I already went twice. First time wasn't enough to see and take pictures of everything cuz we got tired (kind of a big place) but it's so fun that we went back. It's good to go with friends and even families with kids. Loved it., December 2017
253,5.0,"So much fun, good for a few hours. ","We had a few hours to kill before heading to the Olympics and I found the cool museum in the Hongik College area. The pictures online intrigued us so we thought we would take a shot. For 15,000 won, you could visit the Ice and TrickEye museums...both worth it in their own ways. The Ice museum was freezing, no pun intended. I think the sign said -15C and with a jacket and gloves I was only able to hand in there for 15 minutes. The had chairs, igloos, trains, an ice slide, living room, even a toilet. Most were interactive in some way (sitting, standing, sliding). But like I said, my hands were going numb and we had to get out. The trickeye was a combination of ground/wall at that looked like you were standing on walls, bridges, sharks for instance as well as interactive statues. The cool part was the trickeye app that made you pictures come alive with exploding volcanoes, swimming sharks, pouring water. It was a bit crowded on a Sunday but well worth it.", February 2018
254,5.0,Fun for a pair or group!,This place is awesome and is great for days when the weather is not. It is best to go with at least one other person so you may take pictures of each other interacting with the art., March 2017
255,4.0,Unique place,"A museum of optical illusion. It as fun, but at times too crowded (trying to take pictures while people walk in front). I would recommend if you are looking for something unique, to spend an hour.  Going once is enough.", January 2018
256,5.0,Super Fun with AR Technology with Trick Eye/ 3D Pictures in Hongdae,"It's the 1st Trick Eye/ 3D Museum that has AR Technology to make you feel more fun when you are watching & posing with a lot of nice 3D pictures. It's better for you to download the App ""Trickeye"" in your mobile phone in advance. (If you did not, they also provide free WiFi for you.) Do not forget to charge your battery full and bring additional power bank along with you.", March 2017
257,4.0,Do it for Instagram!,"Out of all the attractions in South Korea, this was the one place I was super keen to visit. I thoroughly enjoyed all the illusions and it made for super fun imagery!! Looking through others photos, there were lots of displays there that isn't there anymore, I wish they could extend the museum and make it longer as it was too short walking through. Their AR options are so much fun too. Lockers are available too which was great as I wasnt keen on carrying heavy jackets into the museum.The APP made it COOLER! Definitely download it as its free, as others have said definitely make sure you have a full battery. It brings the illusions alive.The ice sculpture museum was a nice addition. I enjoyed the ice slide!!!!Great place and I would so visit again!", January 2018
258,5.0,So much fun,"The Museum did not look much at the outside, but we had so much fun inside! Climbing up down the pictures or statues, swinging and walking and taking all sorts of funny pictures. Bring out the children and actor/actress in us! We look at the pictures again. They  are certainly the one of the highlight of our trip to Seoul. You really have to try it!", December 2017
259,5.0,Great place for kids. Fun experience.,"Fun for 8-10 year olds. Big room for virtual reality. You could spend lots of time there, depending on how many pictures you want to take. Exciting for a group of children, not just one. Requires you to download an app, to take pictures with special effects. Wouldn't be the same without the app. Staff is friendly, helpful, and speaks english.", December 2017
260,5.0,Trickeye with the Family. ,We visited the trickeye museum and it was a great experience for a family with kids.  There is a free app to work with the museum but it will drain your battery. I highly recommend!, January 2018
261,4.0,Tricky!,"This was a pretty neat experience.  There is the Trickeye and the Ice Museum included in the ticket price of 15,000KRW approx. $15 USD.  The Trickeye museum has several different themed rooms.  You can download the app and have ""special effects"" in your photos.  Some of the lighting and spacing was not adequate for good quality photos.  The ice museum was just that ; Ice sculptures and an ice slide!  They have lockers available for you to lock up your belongings before going in for 500KRW.  Overall it was a fun and silly time!", January 2018
262,5.0,Fun experience,"The trickeye museum was really a funny experience and people from all age seem to enjoy it. The price is around 15,000 W / person and there are a series of stops within a space to pose and make pictures. As soon as it gets a bit crowded it gets hard to make the pictures from the desired effect angle, or you have to wait a bit until the next spot is free. So I went there around lunch time (12) and that was perfect, only few people were there. However we saw larger groups upon entering and exiting the museum.", January 2018
263,3.0,Ok,"It is a fun museum to visit, but it is not looking that good. A lot of visitors have made the painting worn and it does not look that nice anymore. But if you haven't been to a trick eye museum before, it is worth a visit.", April 2017
264,4.0,"Fun, but crowded ","As with most things in Seoul, this place was a little more crowded than we would have liked. It is especially apparent because of the small space in which the museum is located. All that said, we had a blast and if you download the app, the pictures have a whole new life to them!", December 2017
265,4.0,Wholesome family fun,"Kids and adults will love this place.  Enjoyed all the AR experience except for the zombie street.  At certain stops, you need to be patient for the AR effect to appearDon't forgo the ice museum.  Has an ice sled inside which the little ones will enjoy. Word of caution... it is extremely cold inside.Do stop by the Tourist Information center for discount coupon worth 35%.  Keep the admission tickets. It has AR features too on it too.", December 2017
266,5.0,Great place,The Museum is located down a flight of stairs in a basement of a building in Seogyo Plaza. I found the Museum an enjoyable and fun visual experience. Would be good for a family outing as children can enjoy the interaction with the paintings to become part of the artworks. Toilets are clean and medium/large lockers are provided at a fee.It's a good and funny place to visit~ :), October 2017
267,5.0,Simple fun,Amazed by the creativity. Kids had a lot of fun posing for photos. You can download an app to add some augmented reality (AR) using the free wifi available., December 2017
268,5.0,Loved it!,"This museum is one of my favorites! The museum is an interactive one, so you need to pose and get the right angles for the illusions to work! There is a lot of illusions to choose from, so anyone should be able to find an illusion to take a picture on. There is also a small ice museum across from the front desk, but it's nothing special.", June 2017
269,2.0,Only if you Go with Kids.,"Not a Museum for me. It can be fun, but this is not a museum, this is a place where you go to make pictures with your kids or friends. I dind't like but maybe was because i went for myself and it doesn't have nothing to see.", March 2017
270,5.0,Awesome ,"This place was so much fun, my brothers and I enjoyed going through and taking unique pictures. Def make a stop here", August 2017
271,4.0,Read before you judge,"This is a unique museum. You will use an app to create a 3-D images. I can say that this museum is perfect for teens and young adults. if you have time to spare, see it.", November 2017
272,4.0,Too fun not to Try!,"This place is fun no matter what age you are. Family, friends and couples can have fun taking photos at different stations. App download is ness. to make some of these images come to life but both photographer and ""model"" can have a blast bringing these art pieces to life. Go online to see if you can get a discount. There are 3 different museum areas to check out AND a big ""kid"" arcade. The love museum is for a MATURE audience only not for little kids.", October 2017
273,4.0,Modern Trickeye!,Love that their museum is now equipped with an app that makes your pictures go live!  Worth a visit when in Hongdae, November 2017
274,4.0,Fun Place,I really enjoyed coming here to kill some time while it was raining. It has all these 3D props for pictures and they give you ideas and examples how to do it., December 2016
275,3.0,Not good to go solo,"It's a cool museum, but pointless to go by yourself, cause the selfies are extremely difficult to get, you can't even take selfies with a majority of the scenes. You kinda have to have someone with you to take the cool pictures.", November 2017
276,4.0,Just for lols,"The trick eye museum is located in Hongdae, and is worth a visit if you're looking to kill some time. We spent less than an hour there as a before dinner activity and came out with at least 30-40 photos.", June 2017
277,5.0,Awesome fun!,This place does exactly what it says on the tin and is the perfect attraction for selfie-lovers - although do go with a friend who can help you take those pictures and do remember to download the app to see your selfies come to life in sometimes quite amazing way!, October 2017
278,4.0,Role-play!,This place of illusion is the ideal place to play out some fantasies. Want to strut Hollywood's red carpet? You can do it here. Want to ride a dragon? Absolutely.The app which you can download and use to enhance the pictures even more is welcome bonus., October 2017
279,5.0,Fun Place,My mom and I really enjoyed this place because we love to be silly and take photos. It's fun to really see the effects after and it was something new to us. Go only if you like taking pictures and are easily pleased :-) This came with a free entrance to the ice museum too but we only stayed a short while there because it was too cold!!, October 2017
280,4.0,Crazy,"What will they think of next??!!!  The app is a bit hard at first but all in all, it was pretty neat to check out.", September 2017
281,4.0,Lots photo opportunity!!,"The Admission: 15,000 won (about $15)The Subway: Line 2, Hongik Univ. Station, exit 9So much fun!! Artistic techique that fools our eye into seeing three-dimensional objects from flat surfaces.Definitely fully charged your phone because you will definitelly want to take pictures at every setting!!It is kids friendly place,  absolutely a great family outing spot.", April 2017
282,5.0,FUN,it was so much fun being here took so many photos and they have an app you can use to take live 3d videos. they also have an ice museum. Lockers are available to store your belongings definitely a must do., September 2017
283,5.0,OMG,It was amazing! My daughter makes IMovies so she made one about this trip because she had plenty of pictures and videos. We stayed in a hotel for three days near it and went two of the days. Just saying  if you stay near it don't go every day. It was really cool though and now everybody in my family is begging to go back. If you haven't been there I tried not to spoil it to much., August 2017
284,4.0,"Worth the time, especially on a rainy day.",I had suggested this to my wife as a wet weather activity - and the opportunity finally arose. While a bit of a trip from central Seoul it was initially a bit under-whelming when the taxi dropped us in a narrow laneway outside a building that looked like it had seen better days. But inside it was much better. Watched a group of Cambodians having fun and then we let our hair down and had a great time! The ice museum was a bit bland..., October 2016
285,4.0,Mrs,Wow wat an experience  it was my first time at a 3d  museum  and u throughly enjoyed it just wanted to keep taking pictures it was so awesome.. please note you are to remove shoes here so be prepared for that . ..., September 2017
286,4.0,so weird and fun <3,loved this place! so much fun to take photos and some of them look crazy real in photos when you look at them later. It really is a tricky eye haha., October 2016
287,5.0,Make it a photoshoot,The place is really interesting for people that a little bored by the normal. The painting are 3D based and make a diffrent world. What should you do when you are in another world? Takes some pictures of coursr :) all kind of pictures can be taken and every painting or figure can make some enjoyment. I recommend  going their with some friend for increased enjoyment, September 2017
288,5.0,Excellent Museum,We had such a  wonderful time here.  Only wish we could have stayed longer.   So much fun and easy to navigate, September 2017
289,4.0,Fun museum ,Price are not expensiv. It's a bit difficult to find. The woman at the ticket box speak english and explain you everything with a smile.The museum is actually 2 different museum the trickeye museum and the ice museum. You can't choose. It's better to have a smartphone with you, August 2017
290,5.0,"A bit pricey, but it's fun","Even we are no kids anymore, we had fun there. It's a bit pricey, but it is a really nice and funny thing to do, we took lots of pictures that make me still laugh.  The price also includes the ice museum which is tiny, but fantastic when you go there in summer - it was the only", August 2017
291,5.0,"Super fun, Interesting and trripy experience","I vistied trick eye with my boyfriend during the summer and It was one of the memorable experience that my boyfriend and I talk about all the time. Since it was a really hot and humid summer in Korea, we both wanted to escape from the heat. This Trickeye museum was a great", September 2016
292,5.0,We Loved this Museum,"I took my father to the Trickeye Museum on our last day in Seoul because it was raining and the Government museums and closed on Monday. What a surprise, We Loved this Museum! My father said if he knew about this museum earlier he would have spent more time there. You can put", July 2017
293,5.0,Our Summer July 2016,We went here July 2016 and it was really fun! Our daughter love being here with great photos. Prepare your mobile and camera! Great for traveler with child and we also can go to ice museum. , September 2016
