,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Similar to Most Palaces but with its Own Personality.,"This place is seemingly like most palaces we have seen in Seoul. Speaking fro a design, layout and architectural pint of view. But historically speaking the Unhyeongung Palace has a rich history on its own.  The Unhyeongung Palace, also known as Unhyeongung Royal Residence, is a", January 2020
1,3.0,Lesser significance among other palaces ,"It is right in the middle of the city. Near a station . Tour guide recommended this place to accommodate my mother in law who is wheel chair borne. Compared to the main palaces in Seoul , this place is actually not bad. 30 minutes visit duration would be enough . Besides it is", December 2019
2,4.0,Quiet little historical landmark,Right in the middle of the city near the Anguk station. We were staying nearby and stop by to visit this quiet place before check in. , September 2019
3,4.0,Small and free to enter,This was our first palace in Seoul. It is situated just steps away from Anguk station via exit 4. We dropped by as we were too early for the tour in Changdeokgung and were surprised to find this hidden gem. It is not one of the main palaces but worth going since it is free and, July 2019
4,3.0,Small compound,"I visited this place as my hotel is nearby. Else I will not make it in my itinerary. It was once the house of Heungseon Daewongun, the father of King Gojong. Despite its location in the middle of the city, this compound remains peaceful and quiet. It is a small complex, with a", June 2019
5,3.0,It's free,"Go to Anguk station, it just 3 minutes walking distance from the station. The entrance is free. Please see pictures below for their opening time. It's a small and cozy palace.", July 2019
6,3.0,"If in the area, stop by","This would not be a ""destination"" palace, but if you are in the area it is worth stopping by for a quick stroll. Admission is free of charge and an English brochure is available at the entrance to provide orientation and historical perspective.", June 2019
7,4.0,"Small Temple, Interesting to Explore","It doesn't have the grand of Gyeongbokgung Palace but if you're looking for a grand palace without the swarming tourist, here's the place. It's really quiet, with only few people around. You'll see family taking professional photos in traditional clothes, school students going", January 2019
8,5.0,"Quite, peaceful, and historical place","This place used to be a home of Gojong, 26th King of Joseon Dynasty in the late 19th century and was the house of his father, Heungseon Daewongun, who actually ran the country when the king was too young to rule.  This is a small place. Nothing much going on (except some events", January 2019
9,3.0,Pleasant buildings,"My first experience of Korean history. It's a nice little palace which has been wrll naintained/restored and which is of interesting design. Some rooms contain some pictoral or other represenntation of the period, which makes it a bit more interesting. Its free so easy to pop in", April 2019
10,3.0,Just an old residence building,It's called palace but it's not a palace. Just an old residence building. It's beautiful and free of admission., March 2019
11,5.0,Small well-preserved secret mansion. Free admission.,"Unhyeonggung is located not far from Insadong and Changdeokgung Palace. It is in the middle of a street with no eye-catching sign, but you can find it through the traditional Korean gray rooftop. The mansion is free of charge with not many tourists. The buildings here are of", October 2018
12,4.0,Less crowded palace with plenty of photo ops,"Nice little palace with a huge gingko tree greeting you upon entering the palace. Plenty of places for you to take pictures. However, the western building located behind the palace is closed for public which is famous for being Goblin's house (drama). So disappointed that we", October 2018
13,4.0,Small palace worth a visit + free!,"You can walk around and peek inside the traditional buildings and walk on the grounds.    It’s close to the metro and best of all, there is no entrance fee.  Suggest visiting when you go see the main attractions in the area including Insadong neighbourhood.  On the occasion I", October 2018
14,4.0,Peter G,"Very good value, as it’s free, explanations were good and in English. We dressed in local hats, very funny", September 2018
15,4.0,"tiny , free , beautiful","And really genuine compare to some others palace At least this one is well furnished so you ll see how the princes and princess used to live ! Interesting , well located and no tourist  So pleasant ", May 2018
16,4.0,Unhyeongung Palace (Royal Residence),We particularly visited this place to see where the shooting scene of the famous Goblin Korean drama took place. It's called a palace but of smaller proportions compared to other palaces. It's quiet and pretty now that the flowers are in bloom (spring season). A portion of the, May 2018
17,2.0,Only worth the time if you are in the area,"Quaint remnant of what was once a larger palace complex.  We saw Unhyeongung on the map, so stopped in while on a walk thru the area.  Free admission, 30-45 minutes to see it all, including a small museum of ""relics"" and a few 'window' displays of clothing and way of life at the", February 2018
18,4.0,Small but Pretty,"As others have said, this site is pretty small; you can check out everything in just a little over .5 hr. While it pales compared to nearby Gyeongbukgung and Changdeokgung, it's still a pretty place to see, especially in the winter when the field is covered by snow. You can", December 2017
19,3.0,Free site,"This is a small replica of a small palace that once stood here. It's completely free to visit and you do actually get what you pay for. Not much. It's interesting enough and there is a small museum on site, but otherwise, it's just a collection of buildings that you cannot", October 2017
20,4.0,The Mannequins Are,"I enjoyed visiting this place. It's small so we didn't get to tire ourselves just to see everything of it. And there are mannequins and descriptions too in almost all of its rooms that perfectly describe the history of Unhyeonggung.  When we went there, there was also a free", November 2016
21,5.0,History + Design!,"Pros (1) Entry Fee - Free (2) Beautiful Traditional Korean Old Style building (3) History - famous Historic character, Daewon-gun's (King Gojong's father) residence (4) Architectural Value (5) Opening Hours Summer 9 am - 7 pm (April - October)  Winter 9 am - 6 pm (November -", July 2017
22,5.0,Historical,It's great to look around. The buildings are very nice. It's not as big as others in the city nor as colorful but it is worth seeing., December 2016
23,4.0,Small but interesting palace. Close to anguk station. Worth a visit. ,"Chanced upon this palace. We stayed in a hotel near anguk station and walked past the side of the building several times without knowing it's a palace! But it's actually just beside anguk station exit 4.  It's opposite the anguk area with lots of eateries. If you have time, have", February 2017
24,3.0,A small Royal Residence near Insadong & Bukchon Hanok Village,"It's a small Royal Residence near Insadong & Bukchon Hanok Village. If you have time, please visit this one. There are some mock up figures to present the Royal Culture & Ceremony. It's very popular for Koreans to spend time with families. Sometimes you will see the Pre-Wedding", November 2016
25,4.0,Small temple,Right by Anguk St. Exit 4. Very small and peaceful museum. Entrance is free. Close to Insa-dong and some restaurants., December 2016
26,5.0,Peaceful and culturally interesting,"A small palace in Insadong, very peaceful and interesting. Free entry and lots of the information was in english", December 2016
27,4.0,Historic but not royal palace,"This palace is not included in the five royal palaces in Seoul. This is the home where the future king (Gojong) of Korea was born, grew up as a boy and was appointed king. This palace is more properly the residence of his father Heungseon Daewongun) who wielded real power. The", September 2016
28,4.0,Palace in Miniature,This Palace is a short walk from the Insadong street.  The buildings are all normal sized and the descriptions in each building are easy to follow.  The displays are nice and show off the way extended family would have lived.  You can listen to an audio tour in English but it is, June 2016
29,4.0,Little Palace,"The staff of tourist information said this is the smallest palace. I visited this palace and probably she was right, this is a little palace but interesting. Very clean & you can learn about history of Korea, the king's family and the knights. And if you like about architecture,", June 2016
30,4.0,Classic yangban (noble) home,This home is a good place to see how the yangban (noble) class is lived. The place is surprisingly quiet considering its historic significance and convenient location to Jongymo Shrine. Nice architecture with some English explanations in the small museum., April 2016
31,5.0,Unique and traditional ,"Its free extraction place. You can see the culture of old Korean architecture and life style. You can try their traditional cloth as low as USD 3, and you can walk around with that cloth in palace area. They also offer self audio explanation about this palace. ", May 2016
32,5.0,Quiet palace - free to enter,"Another palace in Seoul centre. CCertainy notas big as the main ones, but worth a visit. It is free to wander around and much less busy. It was used by the royal family to live in, and is much less grand, with simple timber and paper buildings. It makes for pretty photos and has", April 2016
33,4.0,Free admission on holiday,"I had been here once before in Winter. This was the second time I visited this place. Free admission on holiday. There were a lot of couples and families taking photos in area. Hanbok rental is the least expensive I can find in Seoul. For 3300 won, you can rent a hanbok to take", May 2016
34,5.0,Get dressed in a hanbok,The hanboks are available for rent for 3300won and there are great backgrounds to stand in front of and have a photograph taken., May 2016
35,4.0,costume,I liked this place because I could try on a traditional Korean costume for a very low price and got to walk around the place wearing it., April 2016
36,5.0,Picture Perfect,A definite must see palace - as the other reviews have stated it is not crowded with tourists and if you go in the morning there is barely anyone there. I was not even planning to go to this palace but the subway exit was located very close. I am quite a history lover so I loved, March 2016
37,4.0,Pretty cool pad for a bachelor,the palace was the home of crown prince in its day. Its not as spectacular as other palaces but it has a great feel to it and you could see it being an enjoyable place to live. The tiled walls next to the parade ground are spectacular. Entry is free which is a bonus and if you, January 2016
38,4.0,Peaceful and enjoyable visit,"Visited this small palace with the family in December. I liked it a lot. The major plus point is that you don't have bus loads of tourists in the palace, thus giving you the peace and quietness to soak in the atmosphere of the palace, to take photos without interference and to", December 2015
39,4.0,Free Palace,Unhyeongung is small and simple. It's not as popular as the other palaces that is why it is more intimate and you can have a closer look at the rooms and features of the building. Less tourists come here especially in the morning so you can take pictures without distractions., November 2015
40,4.0,Lovely place ,Went there with my family just after lunch. It was quiet .. few tourists.  Beautiful small palace. Lovely grounds. Thoroughly enjoyed it. , December 2015
41,4.0,One of the less known attraction in Seoul,"Located near the vicinity of the grand palaces, Unhyeon Palace is not included in the 5 grand palaces of Seoul. It is actually a royal residence built for the prince regent. Much like the other palaces, the closest station to it is Anguk. But unlike the other palaces, this one", November 2015
42,5.0,A little palace place,"This is a small palace which sits within the city. We visited this in the morning about 9am which coincidentally, there were kids from their school outing. The place was filled laughter from the kids and make it very lively despite being an old palace.", October 2015
43,5.0,Small enchanting palace,"A small scale palace, the residence of the emperor's father - open for visiting and weddings are celebrated here too. We were very privileged to be guests at a traditional Korean wedding in one of the courtyards and one building in these magical surroundings. As most of the", September 2015
44,3.0,Rather small palace,The palace is quite small. After 1 hour you saw everything there is. Eventhough it's not as impressive as other palaces it showes better than the other ones how people lived in the palace. If you're interested in that you should visit this place otherwise i recommend it just, September 2015
45,4.0,Quiet and nice,Small and quiet location - not flooded with bus loads of tourists.  It gives you a chance to closely look at the architecture and appreciate the site.  Not as flash as the bigger locations but it has a different purpose and does it well., September 2015
46,5.0,Beautiful,"My husband and I really enjoyed the little palace which was just up the road from where we were staying, it's free as most of them are and it was not too crowded either. A lot different to the other palaces we've seen, it's not heavily painted, it's all natural coloured wood", September 2015
47,5.0,A taste of palace life,"Free, open till late and easy to find in the Insadong area this palace is a real treasure.  Pick up a leaflet at the entrance and you can guide your self around in less than an hour.  For me the real charm of the palace was the recreation in all the rooms of what life was like,", June 2015
48,4.0,Small but Quiet place near Insa-dong,"Small but quiet place near Insa-dong street. If you visit  Insa-dong street, I recommend to visit here too. It is free.  Unhyeongung, designated as Historic Site No. 257 of the City of Seoul, is located in Uni-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul.    Hours of Operation      ㆍ April-October:", May 2015
49,4.0,Impressive for a small Palace,"A few minutes walk from Anguk station is Unhyeonggun Palace, apparently what is here now is a smaller version of what was once the home of a past Joseon emperor. Damaged and rebuilt during recent Korean History from a much larger Palace, entry is free and there are no large", April 2015
50,4.0,Underrated landmark,Unhyeonggong is seldom listed among the list of Seoul's tourist attractions. It's a shame because Unhyeonggong is a compact but complete palace that anyone can easily navigate on his/her own after visiting Bukchon and Insadong which are usually on a first time visitor to Korea's, April 2015
51,4.0,Quite a lot to see,"Although not up with perhaps the major palaces, it is still worth a visit, particularly as it is free and you are likely to be close by if you are visiting Insa-dong market.  Constructed in 1864, it is quite modern but you can wander around the ladies and mens quarters and see", April 2015
52,4.0,Simplicity,A simple feel of what a Korean palace is like. Serene surroundings and quiet. Nice and easy to explore as the palaces is smaller and different from the other palaces., November 2014
53,3.0,Worth a visit if passing by but nothing like the other official Seoul Palaces.,"I visited ""Unhyeongung"" for 3 reasons: I was in the area already. I was passing it to get to the Bukchon Hanok Village. It is Free to get in, so I had nothing to lose.  It is an interesting 'Palace', although it's not officially one as it was never lived in by a King, but very", November 2014
54,5.0,Hidden Treasure,"This palace is highly underrated. It may not have the glitz and glam the bigger palaces have as it is mostly plain wood (not decorated and painted like the other palaces), but it is magnificent.   The volunteer at the gate was so excited that I was there.  She came out and", November 2014
55,4.0,wonderful experience!,"We can wear traditional Korean costume,and  can take some photos  for free. Fee for costume rental is not so expensive. Not crowdy,silent place. Children also can rental costume.", July 2014
56,5.0,A visit that would allow you to understand how a Korean palace was lived,"Even not one of the most shiny and decorated palaces in Seoul, I think that the visit to this palace allowed me to understand the way in which the space was lived as the museography allows you to understand through furniture and mannequins the way in which the rooms were live in", September 2014
57,3.0,Pleasant little palace.,A nice quiet palace.  It is not very large and can be done in 1-2 hours.  It was a good spot for photos with Korean architecture.  They charged a fee when we went  although not much.  You could also rent Korean clothing which was good for pictures.  It also had a small museum, March 2014
58,3.0,Last second king's father's house of Joseon dynasty,"We used to pay for the admission before.. but it is free now. just one ally behind Insa-dong, and quite big ""noble"" family's typical Korean house in late 19th century. I did not expected the house is that much big, tranquil, and graceful. Those buildings still have the original", March 2014
59,3.0,Not as impressive as the larger palaces in Seoul,"This is a nice small palace, with a few interesting displays, and very quiet. Something to visit if you stay more than two or three days in Seoul but not top of the list.", January 2014
60,4.0,Small and intimate,"This was actually a royal residence of emperor Gojong and his father.  It is not exactly a royal palace per se.  Unhyeongung is, therefore, smaller when compared to Gyeongbokgung. Nonetheless, it provides a good glimpse of how the Korean royals lived in the 19th century.  I did", November 2013
61,5.0,Came here for the Korean traditional costumes,"Yes! They allow rental of Korean traditional costumes for around 15 minutes for 3,000 won and you are allowed to wear the costumes to walk around the palace to take photos. Isn't it the best thing to do instead of just staying indoors to take photos with some props or", October 2013
62,5.0,Quaint Palace,"Too bad the re-enectment of the Royal Wedding was postponed for another week, but I enjoyed walking around the palace grounds. Interesting to see how the royals of past lived in those quarters and houses. An exhibit hall was also informative. Easy to find and just so near", April 2013
63,5.0,Daewongun Palace of Joseon,"This historic palace was the home of the infamous father of King Gojong. The complex is well-preserved, indeed because it was not a ""royal"" palace it did not suffer the same extent of damage many of the royal palaces endured during the colonial period.  The attractive dark brown", July 2012
