,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Highly recommend,"This park is the best place to enjoy the view of Seoul along the Han-River. There are less facilities than Banpo area. But you who use public transportation can arrive this park easier than that and many skyscrapers with lights also makes you feel good(of course, you can have", January 2020
1,5.0,My favorite park!,"Hangang park is full attractions, the Water Light Square, Waterside Fountains, the Waterside Stage, Festival Land, the Piano Waterway, Waterfalls of Light, the Yacht Marina, and more. You can rent a bike and enjoy the view!", November 2019
2,4.0,Huge park with lots of space for everyone,"This park is huge! If you're tired of the crowds in Seoul city, spend some time here. Just take a walk and enjoy the city skyline, bridges or sit and chill with friends. You can easily buy a mat at the park. We came in the daytime. Hope to catch the fireworks festival next time,!", October 2019
3,5.0,Perfect place to chill with friends and family,"If the weather is beautiful and you have a few hours to spare, this is the perfect place to be. It's nice to get away from the crowded Seoul streets and come out to some nice wide open spaces where people walk at a slower pace and people blast out K-pop in a friendly manner.", July 2019
4,5.0,People Watch & Drink!,"Legit, one of the best places to stop - wish we had done it earlier in our trip. There's a guy who rents tents out to people, the little ajummas are basically waiting for you to come out of the subway so they can sell you delicious fried chicken, beer, soju, maekgoli, or tteokbokki... bring your appetite! We got some drinks, walked down toward the Han River and just picked a spot to watch people. Young, old - everyone was out in the sun and it was a great time outside the hustle of all the markets and sight-seeing.", October 2019
5,5.0,Great park,Yeouido Hangang park is a funny and amusement place for both adolescent and the old people. It's much more great at weekends., September 2019
6,4.0,The place to chilling-healing,You can have a really good time here with your friend and spend quality time together. You can have a picnic with bringing your own food or just buy in the stores that provided in this place. You can also rent bike and this place is where the firework festival event for every year., March 2019
7,5.0,Beautiful and expansive park in the financial district,"The hangang park stretches for miles along the han river and also passes by Yeouido. The park is enormous in size actually, hard to imagine for a city short of space like Seoul. At the park is a bike trail, running trail etc and one can rent bikes. there are also cafes and restaurants, so making it the perfect destination for an afternoon outdoors. It gets very crowded on weekends however the atmosphere is great.", July 2019
8,5.0,Really lively,"I really, really want to go back and spend a lot of time here since we just take a rush stroll through this park to Cruise Tour by E-Land. We saw lots of food and clothes stalls, people jogging and riding bike, having a picnic and basically spend leisurely time with their family and they looked so happy hahaha. To be honest, one of my travel to-do list is to ride a bike in this park, but we couldn't do that. Will definitely come back for the experience!", June 2019
9,4.0,Great park for kids in Summer,"Hangang Park comes alive weekends in Summer. Thousands of families with shelters and picnic blankets enjoying the free water park. Water is cold, but the kids don't seem to care. There are a couple of convenience stores within the park to provide access to cold drinks and snacks. Great spot to take kids for a couple of hours on a hot afternoon. Good views of the city and bridges over the Han River. Plenty of cycling and walking tracks.", July 2019
10,5.0,Fantastic place for a cheeky bike ride,"My boyfriend and I hired two shopper bikes in Yeouido park. We headed off along Mokpo bridge, along the other side of the river and back across Yanghwa bridge, then back down to the park along the under-road cycle highways. It was a fantastic experience and we really enjoyed the privacy of the cycle highways along with being able to test the outdoor gyms that were dotted along the route. The park itself is lovely apart from the hawkers...the old women shoving flyers for fried chicken in our faces...however you can avoid them once on the actual bikes. The rental was cheap and the bikes worked, that is all I can ask for.", June 2019
11,5.0,Best Place for a Walk or to Sit and Relax,"I would mainly tell people to get off at yeouinaru station, exit 1, to enjoy hangang park. It's right next to the river and has so many food trucks during the summer time. You could just grab a meal and a few beverages and sit there peacefully as long as you want. Try to go when the sun is setting so that the temperature will be cooler. This has been one of my favorite summer spots and I try to go every weekend during the summer to enjoy the area, people, and food.", June 2019
12,5.0,Best place for a sunday evening ,, June 2019
13,3.0,River wals,"A Wednesday morning and it is absolutely empty. If in need of a quiet walk, this is the place. Bring your own entertainment.", June 2019
14,5.0,"Pleasant, relaxing park","This is a nice riverside park along Han River for picnics or a stroll. This park is near Yeouinaru Station. When you exit the station, there is a convenience store and some stalls selling instant ramen and fried chicken. Many locals set up tents and spent the evening here. There are also bicycles for rental.  We enjoyed the park as the weather was good.", May 2019
15,5.0,Oasis in the middle of Seoul,"You actually forget that you are in the middle of a very large city.  The park offers a long circuit path for walking or jogging, plenty of park benches where you can watch the world pass by.  The echo area also has elevated decking paths where you can explore the flora in this area of Korea, with plenty of labels annotating the species of the various trees.", May 2019
16,4.0,Enjoyable and relaxing time here,, May 2019
17,5.0,great experience,"Great place to skateboard, and play with your child and family. It's a bit windy when we came, but people said that it's so good at summer. There are many bikes which are available for rent, so we got one for us to get around of the park, great experience. We also called some foods and ate in here.", April 2019
18,5.0,Enjoy beer and chicken here just like locals!,, April 2019
19,5.0,Cherry Blossoms,We went for the cherry blossoms and enjoyed the festivities.  A good deal of effort went into making the event enjoyable for people of all ages and it seems like it would be a lovely area for a stroll at any time of year., April 2019
20,4.0,Right time of Cheery Blossom Apr,, April 2019
21,5.0,A must at Cherry Blossom time - NOW,"Street artists and street food - what an atmosphere! Prime time for dating couples and picture taking. So many beautiful people at one spot, cherry blossom and forsythia in the background.", April 2019
22,4.0,Picnic at hangang park,, April 2019
23,5.0,The best Hangang riverside park,, March 2019
24,3.0,I expected more!,"Others claimed that this is the best park along Han River from my reading before we went to Seoul, but as we reached there, it is just a plain riverside with walkways..maybe we should try again in warmer months.", March 2019
25,5.0,Bicycle!  Bicycle!  I want to ride my bicycle!,"This is a wonderful park.  I enjoyed the art, the nature, the views and wide open spaces.  My daughter re-learned to ride a bicycle here and it was a highlight of our trip.", November 2018
26,4.0,Nice park!,"It is nice to come and just relax here with a nice book! You can also rent a bike here too, by the hours.", December 2018
27,5.0,Late ,"We came here late, so, only had the chance to take a photo with the “I Seoul you” sign before needing to hop on the metro to meet a friend for dinner. It looks like a nice stroll along the water.", January 2019
28,5.0,Yeouido!,Yeouido Hangang Park has so much to offer. Every park has a unique side. Better to roam around just to see its unique beauty. :), October 2018
29,4.0,"Nice place for picnic with friends, family or love ones","It's a very nice place for picnic with friends, family or love ones. It's a good place to feel like ""Korean"" / local. On weekend, it will be very crowded. But all of the facilities are fully provided. You can rent the mat and tent for sitting and enjoy your picnic, rent the bicycles to ride around the area, buying food/ snacks. They also provide the clean toilets as well. You can see the nice scenery of Han river. It's better to arrive around late afternoon and spend time until the early night.", September 2018
30,3.0,Not the place to come on a weekday in the autumn,"We popped by Yeouido Hangang Park on a weekday afternon in November, hoping to hire bikes to go for a trundle. Unfortunately the bike rental places were closed despite us checking the opening hours before. With cold and grey weather we walked for a short while exploring the trails in the park but it wasn't that pleasant beacuse of the poor conditions. We spent some time watching the river before calling time and heading back to the Metro. I imagine it could be very lovely in full sun, but our experience was dissapointing.", November 2017
31,5.0,Beautiful trails!,"My cousin and I visited this park on a random day.  We didn't have anything planned in our itinerary so we walked around and saw a bike share, so we rented bikes and rode along the trails at this park.  It was so beautiful!  The weather was perfect that day and the scenery was perfect for some wonderful photos. If you want to have a relaxed day along the river, I recommend this park for lounging, for picnic day or for biking.", June 2018
32,5.0,Lovely place for a picnic!,"Very nice place to spend time with friends and family. We came on an afternoon, and people has already started their picnic.. it's even more merry in the evening as more people come. Bring your picnic mat or even rent the tents here! Pack your own food or skip the hassle by having one of the food delivery services offered. Cycling rental is available, clean and well maintained toilets. It's also interesting to just sit down and observe the people while overlooking the famous Han river. This place is definitely a venue to visit for a lovely korean-style picnic !", August 2018
33,5.0,"not near the central areas, but worth the trip out",, October 2017
34,4.0,Loads to do,Hangang river runs beside the park which also houses 63 city - the tallest and most recognisable building in Korea. There is plenty to do here - including attractions such as Seaworld and an observatory on the 60th floor., August 2018
35,4.0,Nice big park,, July 2018
36,5.0,excellent sakura,visited this park during the sakura season.  it was amazing to see beautiful trees in the park also there is a street nearby full of cherry blossoms.  there is a small lake in the center and a big open yard.  recommended place to visits during sakura season., March 2018
37,5.0,Beautiful Park To Visit,"I came here in 2015 during the spring and there were cherry blossoms everywhere.  The park itself is beautifully located along the Han River and a nice spot to spend some time enjoying yourself or with friends/family.  I loved the area so much that the next time I come (spring 2019), I have planned to stay at the Conrad Seoul to have a view and be in walking distance. Highly recommend.", August 2017
38,5.0,Riverside park,"Very, very nice place to walk. Mostly in the morning and evening. In summer there something like pools and small streams. You should have some clothes for change because you can be wet after having fun in the water. Nice place for families.", July 2018
39,5.0,Great in Spring and fall,Is there a better place to go when it’s cherry blossom season? You can get a picnic out and drink some soju with friends. Pack a blanket though in case you get chilly., April 2018
40,4.0,"Leisure, better for kids","big empty space for kids to cycle and move around, hot in the day time best to go only at night. go if you want to relax without anything exciting.", August 2017
41,5.0,Great on a nice day,This is a great park to visit on a nice day. You can rent bicycles or take a boat tour of the Han river.  Many couples and families come here with a picnic lunch., July 2017
42,4.0,Picturesque walk along river,"Great place for a short, moderate or long riverside walk.  Popular summer evening location for Seouls residents, many relaxing in pop-up tents eating meals. Can rent bicycles. Close to International Finance Centre (IFC).", June 2018
43,4.0,nice place,"great place for a slow walk, strolling, jogging or cycling and picnic when the weather is more breezing. perfect place at 63 building for adults and children for there's aquarium, shops & restaurants, top floor to explore.", April 2018
44,4.0,Nice place for a stroll,If the weather is not too hot this is a great place to walk near the river. There are small booths selling food and snacks. You can rent bikes to ride or just walk around., May 2018
45,4.0,Visiting #63 Building..top floor.,A perfect view to watch Seoul from the top floor of this building 63...... my advise is to visit the floor early morning or late afternoon. Then from that building walk along the river...then ride a tour boat to see Seoul by the river., September 2017
46,4.0,Good day out,"Spent a couple of days along the River Han and one of the days At Yeouido Hangang Park. Hired a bike for a couple of hours for only $5. Easy ride heading towards the sea, but some short/steep hills back towards Seoul. Not many activities but pleasant place to spend some time.", June 2018
47,5.0,Cherry Blossoms,, April 2018
48,4.0,Nice for a relaing weekend day,"On the weekends, this place is full of families with children of all ages. And there are a lot of bikers, so watch out for them.  All in all it is a nice place to relax, take a walk or just hang out with your friends over a beer.", May 2018
49,4.0,enjoy your afternoon,"it's a beautiful place to enjoy your afternoon with or without someone.. you can do light sports like jogging or just walking, biking (you can rent a bike here), skateboarding, or taking pictures with the view of Han River.. the park is easy to reach.. happy travel", January 2018
50,5.0,Nice walking area alongside the river with small river in the park,"Nice for walk, jogging, picnic, bicycle and other sports. There are many hotels nearby. In hot summer kids can walk the small river (about 20 cm depth) with small waterfalls.", May 2018
51,4.0,Not much shelters but don't let that deter you from seeing good views!,"Had a picnic here with friends and people around sell picnic mats / tents so buy them if you do not have any. While we didn't see many shelters, the park is really big and we only covered a little section of it. Not many shelters but you can do the river cruise or cycle down the park to see more of it quicker. Come here if you are running out of sights to see in Seoul but want to get a great view of the Hangang River", May 2018
52,4.0,The famous Han River,"Finally set my feet on the famous Han River in my 2nd visit to Seoul. It was very crowded and cold when we were there. It was evening time and it was super crowded with lots of locals setting tents on the big patches of grass for picnics. There were food trucks along the way selling all kinds of goodies with none of the trucks that were without long queues. There were also performances by youngsters with audiences cheering for them along the river walk. There were also night market at the further end of the park where the crowd were even more packed. The night market stalls were selling handicraft items, from handmade soaps, pets accessories, jewelries, artwork, etc. A nice experience to be sitting on the walkway by the river admiring the night scenery with pleasant singing by the youngsters. The temperature dropped further when the night fall. So, if you want to visit the park during Spring, Autumn or Winter, remember to wear or bring along jackets to keep warm.", April 2018
53,4.0,Must visit,"The best place for us in korea. Relaxing, enjoy our bicycle ride and the nature. 1hour KRW3000, late charges 15mins KRW1000. Enjoy your time here!", May 2018
54,4.0,Tandem bike anybody?,"The most popular activity to do when visiting the park is to go tandem biking. This is an activity made popular through numerous K dramas. However, it was not so easy for me and my friend- mostly because tandem biking requires synchronization between cyclists and we obviously were not in sync. However, we then requested to switch to the normal bikes and the bike rental place was extremely helpful and accommodating and allowed us to change (its KRW3000 p/h). The park is also always full on the weekend, with the locals pitching tents and laying out mats early in the evening to wait for the sunset. You can also take a cruise on the Han river for roughly KRW20,000. Overall, visiting the park is definitely worthwhile as it is free and you can enjoy a break from the busy city, take beautiful pictures and enjoy the company of your party or just relax by yourself.", May 2018
55,4.0,Crowded but beautiful,"There's a reason this place draws crowds (especially in the Spring time). It's a wonderful place to take a stroll, walk your dog, or just lie out and enjoy the short window of time when the sun isn't too strong and it's not too cold out.", May 2018
56,4.0,Yeouido Hangang Park,Nice park with enjoyable activities. Easy to access by public transport. Better to visit on a warm day., April 2018
57,3.0,Interesting experience ,, May 2018
58,4.0,Went there for Cherry Blossom,"We went there for Cherry Blossom. It was pretty but there are other places in Seoul with better Cherry Blossom display. First of all, the place was way too busy even during a weekday. I recommend going to the Lotte World park to view the cherry bloosm", April 2018
59,3.0,Not up to date,"There are several places, which are higher, that is why the attracting point is broken. Back in the days that was nice to visit this building, but now, when there is Lotter Tower in the city, sorry... Though the area around building is nice:)", August 2017
60,5.0,Very scenic park for great photos!,The park was filled with young people pitching tents out on a picnic. Love the youthful energy there! Many scenic spots for great photos especially the sign I SEOUL YOU. There were tents and mats for rental. And roadside food stalls., March 2018
61,4.0,Sunday morning walk,"A lovely walk through to the river on a very, very cold wInter morning but really pleasant n the midst of a vast mega city.", February 2018
62,5.0,A lovely place for a spring walk!,Had a lovely time walking along the Han river in the sunshine. There are boat trips that leave from the area and you can also cycle along the paths (you can hire bikes too). We finished off our walk at the food court in the base of the Seoul 63 building since there aren't any places to eat on our stretch of the walk. It was quiet enough for our walk but I believe the park gets much busier in the late spring and autumn. We also went there for the International Fireworks festival and it was CRAZY busy! I imagine it will be the same in cherry blossom season..., March 2018
63,4.0,Amazing and Cheap Vacation around Seoul ^^,, May 2017
64,5.0,Make Ramen Noodles at the convenience store!!!!,"whether you like to walk, bike, skate, or run you can do all there here at the Hangang park. Amazing place to come with family or with friends. you can ride pedal boats or even have lunch or dinner in a boat. if you want to make things more romantic you can go on a dinner cruise on the Hangang. or if you just want to breathe in the fresh air and walk around you should make sure to visit the convenience store and get your self some ramen!!!", April 2017
65,5.0,Beutiful in summer cold in winter,"I have been able to be in summer and, winter and this park is beautiful in bouth seasons. Can get really windy in winter and is really busy during the weekends in the summer time. You have de view of the 63 building. And some hotels. People like to go during the summer and bring their tent and be there during the day with they family or friends. Is a lot of events during the summer time so check out what is going on during the weekends is a,lot less busy in the autumn/ winter. You can rent bicycles and go around the park. Or go for a run, in weekends is a lot of people walking, hogging, running is really beutiful.", November 2017
66,4.0,Scenic walk with a break at a convenience store,, November 2017
67,5.0,Cherry Blossom in Spring is a real beauty!,"Yeoido Han River Park is very beautiful, especially Spring time with a lot variety of flowers, including Cherry blossom.", May 2017
68,4.0,Relaxing in any season,"Visited with 50+ school kids in the start of winter!! Clear, cold and stunning! A great place to hang out, ride bikes, walk the riverbank, play in the gardens among statues, gardens, paths and big lawned areas. Sculptures, fountains, stunning views of the city and bridges. Boats on the river were preparing for night cruises with christmas decorations and lights but the cafes happily served food and drinks to us all. Due ti the cold, there were not big crowds so we had the place pretty much to ourselves, however it can be crowded. Beautiful views up and down the river and across to the city, Definate stop in Seoul.", November 2017
69,4.0,Great place to relax,"I visit here often. It's quite, spacious, with some great views of the 63 building. Just take a blanket and some food and have a great picnic. It's beautiful when the cherry blossoms bloom. It can become very crowded at that time.", April 2017
70,4.0,Bike rides ,Great long straight location for a bike ride near the river. Lots of side for walking or running too. Gives good views of the bridges.  Can connect to Seoul Forest, October 2017
71,5.0,Great place to spend the day outdoors with family!,This is one of Seoul's best picnic spots. What is most enjoyable is the little man-made stream thay runs along the park and the open swimming pool. Its a great retreat for children and adults as well and I always feel Han river looks its best from this spot., September 2017
72,5.0,Good place for picnics and cycling ,, September 2017
73,4.0,A beautiful green park in the middle of a busy city,This is a nice large park in the middle of the busy city.  There are various parts of different sections with different themes.  You can rent a bike to ride around.  A good place to spend some time away from the hustle and bustle of the city.  Very busy during the weekends with the locals coming with their family., August 2017
74,4.0,Nature treatment,"Its very large area for sightseeing, you should spend time more than 3 hrs with my map. Firstly, taking subway transportation to Yeouido station, heading to NorthWest and walk through Yeouido Park and taking photo with National Assembly. Turning back to Yeouido Hangang Park. After this route, I found the minimart(named Mini Stop) where the chicken shop is on 2nd floor. So nice and memorable nature treat in Seoul!", June 2017
75,5.0,Picnic by the river,"If you have some extra time, come here for an evening picnic by the riverside! Order from the delivery (if you know how to order in Korean or have a Korean friend with you) but if you don't, fear not! Plenty of stalls along the way where you can pick up your food and drinks and picnic mats to rent for you to enjoy the view of Hangang.", May 2017
76,4.0,Buzzing riverside park,"The park is filled with street food trucks and people pitching up their tents enjoying the great outdoors. There are various water features further down and a few stages for street performances from budding student artists or even professionally debuted groups if you're lucky. The paths are also great for cycling, and you can rent bikes or tandems on site.", May 2017
77,5.0,really nice in the heights,"Really nice tower in front of the beautiful river. You should take the tour upstairs and in hot wather, also you can have an ice cream down.", May 2017
78,5.0,Loveeeee it ,"Singers, people and families all in one beautiful melting pot. View is awesome and I love just walking there while taking pictures and listening to the buskers", May 2017
79,5.0,Han River cruise at sunset,"Having my korean family in Seoul, i can only recommend a Han river cruise at sunset to see Seoul skyline and the bridge with the fountains !", May 2017
80,4.0,Good place for picning,Seoul is blessed with beautiful landscape and you can see it from here. The best time to visit is in Spring. Enjoy picnic in the park with rented mat or you can also buy one for a very affordable price., May 2017
81,4.0,A nice walk along the Han River (Hangang),, April 2017
82,5.0,Spacey and fresh,"I visited this place at morning and the weather was really nice and refreshing. The  place is also spacey, have a good air and view. You can walk along in the side of han river or you can rent a bike and enjoy going around the han river. It's a nice place to visit.", May 2017
83,4.0,Stunning,A really beautiful park with cherry blossoms. My friends and I once rented bikes here too which was great fun. A lot of locals also venture out to the park to spend the day here which was really nice to get amongst. A lovely park to stroll through., April 2017
84,5.0,Cherry Blossom Park,, April 2017
85,4.0,A nice place to visit in the spring,I have been here once only - a nice place to visit in the early April. The park and the street is lined up with hundreds or thousands of cherry blossom trees. It is beautiful to stroll along the scented street or rest in the park. The upside of it is that it is really popular with the locals; so be prepared to be in the midst of thousands of people (during the Cherry blossom festival). I imagine the Park and the street with trees looking beautiful in the fall as well., April 2017
86,5.0,Very futuristic,Whilst I did not go up the 122 storey building I found the architecture very stunning. The space around made a gun place to visit., April 2017
87,3.0,Average Part of Seoul,"I don't really recommend this part of Seoul. There is nothing interesting around this area, only a park where people can do exercise. Maybe during cherry blossom season, it would  be more interesting. We visited this park as part of our walking tour and cruise at Han river", April 2017
88,5.0,Cherry Blossom Park in Spring,"I purposely choose this park to visit in April since it held the biggest cherry blossom festival in Seoul during spring. To reach there, take Subway Line 9, and alight at National Assembly Station, Exit 1 (the nearest to walk to the park). The cherry blossom trees are everywhere, along the road near the National Assembly building. It was very crowded with visitor during this time of the month, since the scenery here was really amazing & lovely and makes every photos turn out good! Unlike in Japan, they don't have snack stall or place to picnic (hanami) here, so the atmosphere is different from Japan, it more Korean styles of enjoying the cherry blossom. However, it was still very memorable Cherry Blossom experience in South Korea.", April 2017
89,4.0,Lovely park!,The park is quite big and is lovely to take a morning stroll in. Also caught some cherry blossoms there so it was really pretty. Great for picnics too as the grass is nicely trimmed., April 2017
90,5.0,Beautiful Spring View,Fortunately we came in April to witness the beauty of Cherry blossoms everywhere. This large park also gives a friendly vibe for friends and family day out. Worth to stop by while in the Seoul., April 2017
91,5.0,Massive park with Cherry Blossom,The park is very big and crowded during April. There are many cherry blossom and great view for taking photos. Took us some time to get out of the train station. Do come early and find a nice place for picnic., April 2017
92,5.0,Must go for cherry blossom watching ,"Got a snack and sat down by the park area with the local ajusis and ajumas. Walked for two hours and flowers everywhere. Most cherry blossom to see, among all locations I went to in Seoul. 👍🏼", April 2017
93,4.0,A park to see the Cherry Blossoms.,, April 2017
94,4.0,Beautiful Cherry Blossoms,, April 2017
95,5.0,Cherry Blossoms!!!,"Reached the park early in the morning ( to avoid the crowd)by taking a direct bus from Myeongdong. It was a beautiful sunny morning & the river breeze was so refreshing. Although the date of blossoming was last week, it is lucky to see most of the flowers were still intact ! Leisure walk along the river bank was relaxing & pleasant ,it's definitely an ideal place or picnic! Bicycle rental is available there as well! Recommended if you are visiting Seoul in spring ,just to have a leisure stroll ,have a break from the hustle & bustle of the city !", April 2017
96,5.0,A must visit for beautiful cherry blossom!,Though it was very crowded we loved every bit of this beautiful park. We visited this place once in evening and once during a sunny afternoon. Lots of food vendors selling amazing snacks and accessories. Different light installations at night around the ferry ticket area make for great photo opportunities.This was our best experience in Seoul :), April 2017
97,4.0,Great but very crowded ,"Take the metro and walk a couple a minutes and you'll be there. It's lovely to see the river and all the cherry blossoms, but make sure to visit when it isn't overly crowded with people. If wanting to see it at it fullest then having sunshine and clear vision is a must.", April 2017
98,3.0,Pleasant way to spend a sunny afternoon.,, October 2016
99,4.0,Good place to chill and relax,Went here just last week and I can say that this is a good place to chill and relax. Nearby food establishments where you can purchase food for picnic or you may bring your own. Bicycle lanes available in case you decide to ride your bike. Not sure if there is a place where you can rent one though since I didn't see any when I went there., March 2017
100,5.0,A must visit place!,I really love the 64 building because it was so beautiful in the picture. It was a good place for picnic beside the Han river., February 2017
101,5.0,Huge Green space in Seoul,"Leisure time in Seoul, Recommend place to Picnic with quite green place. Bicycle rental service is available.", April 2016
102,3.0,Not for winter,"A vast open space with hardly anyone there. Well it was a chilly day in winter, looking at the reviews summer is when it all happens.", February 2017
103,5.0,Best decision I've made,"Went here twice, once in Summer and once in Winter. Enjoyed the trip in Summer way more so we got to cycle, picnic and play with water the whole afternoon! The cycling track is amazing especially during sun set. The view was spectacular and will definitely revisit this place every time I go to Seoul. Extremely relaxing!", February 2016
104,4.0,Just nice,Just park that you can picnic and have an activities like cycling or jogging especially during summer. But during winter nothing much you can do here., November 2016
105,3.0,for summer,"just park as you can see. there are some nice cafe. Summer is nice, there is public pool. but winter, there is no entertainment.", November 2016
106,5.0,Lovely park,"Especially in summer this is a really good place to visit. The atmosphere is pretty nice, it is not as rushed as other parts of Seoul and you have a beautiful view on the Han river and it surroundings. As a result of the food trucks you can also still be there for dinner, though, since it can be busy it can take a while to get food. Overal a must when visiting Seoul", October 2016
107,3.0,"Escape from the city, right within the city",, November 2016
108,4.0,Lovely park. Ice festival in winter,, December 2016
109,4.0,Yeouido Hangang Water Park,"I went there at evening, and there are many people having night picnic there. It was surprisingly crowded there. It a very good place to chill out with friends.", October 2016
110,5.0,Comfortibg park in the middle of Seoul CBD,, October 2016
111,5.0,Good place,"Its fun with kids and family or friends. Bring lots of food to eat, mat , book and enjoy with fresh air and surroundings.", June 2016
112,4.0,a place to relax,"I went here during Spring time and it's nice to see some Spring flowers in the area. You can just sit here to relax, have a picnic or do a bike stroll. It also has a good view of the Hangang river and the long bridge. This place is accessible from the train station.", April 2016
113,4.0,Fabulous night view of Seoul from 63 Square,"As soon as you get off from the Yeouinaru metro station and walk towards the Yeouido Hangang Park by the Han River, you will see Seoul's tallest building - 63 Plaza. Takes about 15 min walk. Among the attraction is 63 Art Museum and Observatory. You will have a fabulous night view of Seoul and the Han River.", October 2016
114,5.0,"So beautiful here, very close to river","I loved roaming this park on foot and via bike. The sights—filled with natural beauties—are so pleasing to the eyes and calming to the soul. I capped off my first time in Seoul here, and the bike ride along Han River made me cry just cause I was so thrilled to be there hahahaha :D", April 2016
115,5.0,Love this place!,"It is really amazing in the night time. The nice lighting, great views of the other bank of the Han-river, lot of people walking around. The taste of real modern korean life. You can take drinks and food and sit on the stairs listening to the street concerts, or walk arong the river, or take bicycle.", September 2016
116,3.0,A park like a park like a park everywhere….,"Nice for a picnic, or for your lunch break if you work in one of the skyscrapers nearby. Otherwise, there are some meadows, some trees, a river, a cafe, a small pagoda and so on- but nothing which is special to Korean culture. Nearby the river there are a few nice other spots, one can take a walk there. Even so it is not the ""cultural hotspot"", the area around the river and the park may be nice to play with your children, have a picnic and/or enjoy the relative calm there.", October 2016
117,5.0,Lovely place to relax,We took bikes and cycled along the Han River until we went to find some fried chicken and stopped to sit and have a picnic. It was lovely to ride in the late afternoon and experience the sunset view alongside the river. It was the best thing to do to finish off our trip in Seoul, October 2016
118,5.0,"Great Place for a Picnic, Relax and Take Pictures","The Yeouido Hangang Park offers great views and is a good place for a picnic, jogging or cycling. You can also take great pictures and enjoy the river breeze. It is also very accessible via metro (alight at Yeouinaru station, Seoul Subway Line 5)", October 2016
119,5.0,A great place for picnic,"Took the subway and exited at Yeouinaru Station Exit 2. Upon exiting, there were stalls selling food and renting of picnic mats. There were also a lot of Ahjummas giving out flyers of food delivery service. Great for picnics, cycling, roller blade and etc. A lot of young teens and adults having picnic with friends. Views were great as it is facing the Han River. A calm and relaxing place. A downside was there was a huge amount of rubbish inappropriately disposed at the side of the stairs.", October 2016
120,3.0,Nice promenade along Hangang River,"Built along the Hangang River on Yeoui Island, the park is a popular location for families and friends for a weekend outing. There are hawkers selling snacks and mattress for picnicking if you do not bring one. You can even order fried chicken to be delivered to the park for you. Get the advertising pamphlet from one of the many distributing near subway exit. Here you can also board one of the ferries for a 40-minute tour along the Hangang River. The park is very accessible, simply take subway line #5 and get off at Yeouinaru station exit 2.", October 2016
121,4.0,Nice stroll while waiting for hotel check in,"We had a nice quiet  stroll in the morning to early afternoon here since our hotel check in is not until later on. Take a nice walk, enjoy the view, I recommended to visit this attraction only if you are staying in this area, otherwise it's not something you would travel far for.", September 2016
122,5.0,A good place to relax with family,A good place to relax. Your kids would enjoy it. The place is open with lots of activities that can be done. Neat and clean. Plus you can go on a ferry ride., October 2016
123,5.0,Great atmosphere,"One of my favorite places I've visited during our stay in Seoul. A lot of Koreans relax here, mostly families and young couples. Although it can get really crowded, it's still a nice and chill atmosphere, especially during sunset.", August 2016
124,5.0,Walk by the river,I recommend this walk in the park after going to the 63 Building. Beautiful views to the beach. There are a couple restaurants over there ideal for a date., September 2016
125,5.0,"great view, relax","Though i didn'T intend going to this park, but the promenade fascinated me and i needed to have a look. If i would have more time i would have walked around the river or just sit down there and enjoy the great view over the city.", July 2016
126,4.0,Special experience of korean culture at Hanriver Park,, August 2016
127,5.0,Summer Gateaway,"After our early dinner together with my two Korean friend, they brought us to Hangang Park. And we saw a lot of people i.e. from dating to friends to families that gathered in this place they esp. during summer. Our host even told us that families build tents and slept over the night, it's how safe the place is. It's a huge park right beside the longest Han River. There's a lot of things you can do like jogging, biking or just to simply chatting with your friends. You can go there by taking off from Yeouinaru subway station.  :)", June 2016
128,5.0,Fun place during the summer festival,"Visited the park during a business trip. So it happened the park was next to the hotel I was staying. Went for a walk on a Friday afternoon and all the food trucks were out. Decided to try a few things and I do not regret it. Even without the food trucks, I would still recommend this park for those that love to walk and love nature.", July 2016
129,5.0,The sanctuary,, August 2016
130,5.0,Great outdoor activity along the river for all,, July 2016
131,5.0,Great place to catch the Cherry Blossom Festival,We went there on a Saturday during the Cherry blossom festival - was quite crowded but worth a visit during the beautiful cherry blossom days, April 2016
132,4.0,nice park to hang out on a sunny day,"It's a large park close to the river. it's nice, it's suitable to hangout when it's sunny and you want to have a nice sunset moment and enjoy the free artists who play music", June 2016
133,5.0,Nice park with great view,"This is anothet park closed to the hotel I am staying. It's reall nice with great view over the river and city. Lot of people go there for picnic and cycling. There are washroom, playground, cruise. Should visit it if you are in the area.", July 2016
134,5.0,Beautiful at night,, July 2016
135,5.0,Lovely park,"We went in the morning by subway. As it was not too hot, we rented bicycles and cycled for an hour along the Hangang river. It was very fun. There were amenities like playgrounds and toilets along the park. It would be nice to pack some food and have a picnic there.", July 2016
136,5.0,loved a nice sunset here!,this place is super nice for spending some time outdoor with friends. you can go biking for 3000w/hour and enjoy some food sitting in the grass., May 2016
137,5.0,Beautiful Park With A View,"A very nice park with lots of little activities to do! I was so happy when I came across this park, it was a nice break from the city. It's quite large and spans the length of the Yeouido island. There was a shallow pool which looked like a lot of fun (so remember to bring swimming clothes!). Bikes, tandem bikes, and Segues are available to rent. You could easily spend half a day or a whole day here. Views were amazing. Great for people watching, photography, and any outdoor activity.", June 2016
138,5.0,Great place to chill,It is a park alongside the Hang River and it is a great place to chill. Many Koreans went there to picnic and tourist and rent a bike and enjoy the bike ride in the park. You can go for a boat trip too but I think its not special and its not a wow factor for me. The park is very big so you can spent half day in there to chill and relax., May 2016
139,5.0,rent a bike and take a round river ferry trip,, April 2016
140,5.0,Love love,, May 2016
141,5.0,Great break,"Great place to just chill be the river.  We went to just have a snack and soju by the river but ended up renting bikes, a tandem and single coat for an hr was 9,000 won. About $8 US.  Bikes were in good shape unlike some I've rented in different places.  Super chill to ride along the river on wide sidewalks.  There are bathrooms here and there and small convenience stores for whatever ya need.  Some bring tents and hang out for hours and others just pass through.  It's clean safe outdoors and would definitely recommend if you're looking to get outside and kill some time in Seoul!", June 2016
142,4.0,A Glimpse of Korean Weekend,"Took the metro and got off here for my river cruise. It is very interesting to see how Koreans esp young ones spend their Saturday night. They're having picnic with their friends and families. Lots of children playing around, drinking, laughter on the background,performances by a live band, food stalls everywhere...it's just fun to see. One can go strolling in the big park or ride a bike. It's good for the family and even for a solo traveler like me.", June 2016
143,5.0,Never ending Cherry Blossoms,"During the Cherry Blossoms period, we took a public bus to the beginning of the Park where all the street food were. As we continued walking, we saw bigger Cherry Blossom trees, they were having a festival there too. The view was endless and amazing! Totally worth the walk!", April 2016
144,4.0,A nice place for a walk if you are staying nearby,"We had only a few hours in Seoul before we had to catch a flight to Hong Kong.  Our hotel recommended we take a walk around the park.  It was nice to get out and get some fresh air before getting back on an airplane, we were flying for 2 days.  The cafe at the park entrance was opening and we wish we had time to sit down and enjoy a coffee and the view.", April 2016
145,4.0,"Nice park in the city, great for bike rides","I spent 1-2 hours for just a little bit of nature to enjoy on a lazy Sunday afternoon. I bought some food from the convenience store inside it and picked a spot to eat it in peace. there were families with kids riding bikes and even those ubiquitous ""couple-bikes"".", October 2015
146,5.0,very crowded on weekends.,"went there, hoping to see some cherry blossoms, but there werent any when we went there as the season had just ended. still pretty awesome to see how the Koreans actually spend their weekends there, camping and hanging out with their loved ones. we saw some filming going on too. there's food and street performers too.", April 2016
147,5.0,Beautiful park,"This park is huge and beautiful. I have been here on different occasions during different seasons with different people. One thing for sure, we have always enjoyed our trip there. I always have my annual winter vsit to this park just to give myself a short break fro the crazy schedule. It is always quite empty during winter so it feels like I have the park to myself. Watching the sunset while having a cup of coffee in a cafe which faces the river is perfect. During fall and spring, picnic is something not uncommon especially among locals. Go for a bike ride or just sit down and enjoy your time with family and friends. Either way it will be a fun day for you. I always avoid going to the cherry blossom festivals because it will be too packed with people. Instead I would suggest going several days earlier or well a day or two earlier would be fine too as most trees will be blooming by then and it won't be as pack as during the festival period. Sometimes, there are also performances at the main park area. So just sit back, relax and enjoy the scenery and time with your loved ones.", December 2015
148,5.0,Beautiful huge park,"Went there during the full bloom of cherry blossom. It was very crowded as people flocked to see the full bloom. However, the view was magnificent!", April 2016
149,5.0,Cherry blossom festival,, April 2016
150,4.0,"Great view, street vendors and cherry blossoms!",Went there during the Spring Flower Festivals and loads of families and couples were seen there along with great food from street vendors and also flower booths. Good view of the Hangang and would be nice for cycling and picnics. Loads of seagulls though so beware!, April 2016
151,5.0,Your Relax Time in Seoul,"if you wanna escape from your hurry life, you must visit this park, where you could enjoy the scenery from the Hangang River, and rent a bike to ride along the river where you will have a great moment, and impressive scenery in your mind!", March 2016
152,5.0,April Blossom,The blossom festival tracks round the outskirts of the park and around the river. The cherry tree lined streets are beautiful (but busy) currently the main roads are closed to car traffic and there are stalls and stages for performances., April 2016
153,5.0,Very romantic park for couples!,, March 2016
154,5.0,My favourite place!,, January 2016
155,4.0,Really amazing if you want to go out of city rush,peaceful experience. You get to feel the Fresh air with the smell of a river (literally it smells like raining). a good place to think about yourself. Make sure to checkout fireworks festival in fall/autumn season, October 2015
156,4.0,Relaxing park,"Visited this park with my boyfriend. We took a walk around the park and took some photos. We noticed a lot of couples and families walking around the park. It is very relaxing park with nice scenery. We enjoyed the scenery (but the weather is really cold). There are some cafes and convenient stores nearby where you can have a quick bite and some hot drinks. This park is located near Yeouinaru station (여의나루역), exit 2. Walk out of the station and the park is at the right hand side.", January 2016
157,4.0,Rexing,, January 2016
158,4.0,great spot for leisure,"Favourite spot for locals during weekend. Couples, families, friends  love the spot. Great view across the Hangang River", January 2016
159,5.0,Its a space,Its just a big open space off the side of the road but at least it is quiet and the grass is nice and on a summer day great place to draw or read with an umbrella, April 2015
160,5.0,Relaxing place!,I love going there whenever I visit Seoul. The best relaxing place in Seoul and you can ride bicycle there., October 2015
161,5.0,My fav place in Seoul,"I don`t think I can ever be tired of this place. No matter the season, no matter the weather, I just love walking there, or just have a coffee. I once missed my last train, just because I was enjoying the night view...", April 2015
162,5.0,Tucked Away Gem,"I was really blown away with Yeouido Park. It is in the heat of the financial district in Seoul, but don't let that dissuade you, it's wonderful.", October 2015
163,4.0,Wonderful Park with Hangang view,"I wanted to see the Hangang River, and Yeouido offers spectacular view of the river. Even though the traffic is busy, we can watch the traffic pass by without hearing it. Nice place to relax and stroll.", November 2015
164,5.0,Lovely summers day out,"Water fountains and man made streams to play in, views of the river. Bicycles to rent and grass to sit. What more do you need on a sunny afternoon.", September 2015
165,5.0,try to rent a bicycle to go around this park,"South Korea very understanding what people want. There's so many park, beautiful park. Better if you ride a bicycle here.. Actually if you want to go to this place, please be relax, don't just sight seeing. ENJOY it..", October 2015
166,5.0,Beautiful area,, September 2015
167,3.0,A nice enough park... but you didn't travel all the way to Korea for a park did you?,"If you've come all this way to Korea you'll want to find yourself something else to do because, as lovely as Yeouido Hangang Park may be, it doesn't deviate far from other average parks around the world. If you're a local looking for a relaxing time then by all means this park is more than decent. However, the disappointment of the city skyline - or a lack thereof - and you've got yourself a park that doesn't prove to be a good visit for tourists.", December 2014
168,5.0,Lovely Park for Relaxation,We took a stroll through the park and it was very relaxing. There was plenty of space with people enjoying different activities from cycling to exercising. I wish we had parks like these in the United States, October 2015
169,4.0,Very relaxing and suitable to have a picnic there,"regardless it's day time or night time, Koreans love to chill by the Hangang! It was comfortable and plenty of space to sit and relax, talk or even picnic. It's beautiful but you can try to search if there are any activities in the area otherwise it can be a little boring.", October 2015
170,5.0,Easy stroll by the Hangang banks,"Looking for a riverside stroll / The Yeuido hanggang park is a good option, as the =Hanggang river banks is filled with parks to stroll on , bike around , lounge around , picnic in. I like this particular park specially in spring during Cherry blossoms ! Just perfect !", September 2015
171,4.0,Nice setting to have a picnic or ride a bike.,You can easily spend a few hours walking along the Han river or hire a bike for a few hours and do a loop of the track :), September 2015
172,5.0,Enjoyable place especially before 6 p.m.,"This park is so famous with beautiful view. I like to walk or take a bicycle in this park especially before 6 p.m. because sometimes it is crowded after 6 p.m. But mostly this place is so quiet and enjoyable before 6 p.m. Several years ago, Seoul city reconstructed this park and after that, this place is so clean and nice to walk(You can rent bicycles at some places). It has many convenience stores, cafes and restaurants(mostly fried chicken and beer) but this place is huge so in not famous part, maybe you have to walk to find those. Seoul citizens like this place and I recommend this place for visitors, too.", September 2015
173,4.0,Must visit during Cherry Blossom season,"I just so happen to be in the area during the cherry blossom season and it was beautiful. I also went back a little after the fact throughout my time in Seoul. Its a great place to ride your bike or go for a jog. If you are dating someone, you need to take them during the cherry blossom season. You just might get lucky, lol.", March 2015
174,5.0,Great for walking or biking around. ,"This park is located on the south side of the Hangang river. It is a well maintained park with some kiosks for buying drinks or snacks. You can also opt for renting a bike at the park. Bikes are relatively small, but they work well in general. There's a biking trail in the park. But you can also leave the park and bike along the river Hangang. If you like biking and are a confident biker, this is what you should do in my opinion!There you'll find a nice walking and biking trail along the river. It's a great way to do some exercise and enjoy the views along the river. There are several resting areas and kiosks around. It can get very busy in the weekend. Enjoy!", September 2015
175,4.0,Great Park,"Extremely crowded place, but still you can enjoy. Hiking, riding a bike, and picnic are available, and you can drink some alcohol too.", January 2015
176,5.0,Create another Seoul memory by cycling along Hangang river bank,The open park along the river would bring join to anyone in your family. Me & my daughter spent whole morning here as we rent 2 bikes (with helmets) & cycled along the river. The rental fee was very reasonable & you can see most of Yeouido landscape from the river bank., September 2014
177,3.0,Expansive views of the Han River but not much else,"Hangang Park was constructed on reclaimed land on the shores of the Han River and is easily accessed on Metro line 5 from Yeouinaru station.  Compared to the leafier and more scenic Yeouido Park nearby, Hangang Park is rather sparse with open grassy sections and long walking paths.  Trees, where present, are fairly few and far apart.  However, this layout gives the park unlimited views of the Han River.  It's popular for walks and with skateboarders who come to practice their flips and tricks.  Another reason to come here is that the pier for the Han River sightseeing ferries are located about 300-400 meters away from the Meto station.", October 2014
178,4.0,Han River views make it worth the trip,"There's not much to see in Yeouido Hangang Park itself; it's the view of Yeouido Tower and above all of the Han River that makes a visit to the park worthwhile; that, and the Han River cruise that you can embark on from the edge of the park. On a sunny summer evening, this could be the perfect place for a little picnic, if it's not too hot and humid (as is all too often the case in Seoul). The only tricky thing is transportation, as you have to take a bus or a taxicab to and from the park, since there is no nearby subway station.", June 2015
179,5.0,My favorite place to be in Seoul.,"Yeouido Hangang Park is just like Battery Park in New York. It is close to the central business district (Yeouido has its own Wall Street nearby) and it has: nice breezes, green grass, perfect sunset, and lots of photo-ops!", May 2015
180,5.0,Beautiful and user-friendly,"The park goes all the way around the island.  I live in another part of the city, but I sometimes take a bus to Yeouido just to go for a walk here.  There are places along the way where the greenery closes above you.  The views across the water are also great.", August 2015
181,4.0,Beautiful Park,, August 2015
182,4.0,Beautiful Park in the Financial District,"This is a lovely park with nice paths, small ponds and lots of grassy space.  It is also near the Hangong River.  I found it very safe to walk,alone, even after dark.  There were many people walking and even picnicking in the evening.", August 2015
183,3.0,Check out what festivals are happening.,"While the park is awesome when there are activities or festivals (fairly frequent) going on, its not worth a special trip if you're visiting Seoul.", August 2015
184,3.0,Normal Park,"It was a normal park in the middle of the city area, but maybe a good place to view cherry blossom in full bloom", April 2015
185,4.0,not much,the garden of yeouido at hangang park is not as pretty as at yeouido park. I think better you visit the Yeouido garden than hangang park except you want to get a boat  tour., May 2015
186,4.0,A small but nice park,This place is great for having a picnic and it's conveniently located near the IFC Mall! You can ride your bike along the bike paths or play basketball as well! The plants and flowers are well taken care of too., July 2015
187,4.0,Beautiful park on the Han River,"The entire Yeouido Park area is just a great place to rest, relax and meditate.  It is in the shape of a T.  Yeouido Park is the stem of the T, and the Hangam Park area runs along the water.  Lots of native trees, grass and plants and flowers.  Walking, biking trails, benches and tranquil view of the Han River.  Take the metro, line 5, purple and when you exit the park is right in front of you.  Hopefully if you are visiting and have the time between sightseeing and shopping, this is a great respite from the hectic Seoul.", June 2015
188,2.0,No sakura,, July 2015
189,4.0,Cherry Blossom Time,"Visited the park and the surrounding area in April, cherry blossom time and found it to be a great place for a relaxing time. . . Like most of the other parks in seoul , this one is also nice and safe. The line of flowers during the festival made it a treat to watch .A 5 min walk from the nearest subway station.", April 2015
190,4.0,A great park for bike riding or picnics...,This is an area that has some really good views with the cherry blossom trees and its a park and clean and nice and you have to make it something good by making a picnic out of it or making it special by riding a bike... Its worth seeing and doing but there are alot of people in this area during cherry blossom season and also weekends. This a great place for families and for couples., April 2015
191,4.0,A pleasant walk through natural beauty of Korea,"The weather was gloomy, but did not effect the great time I had there.  Very clean and safe, a fun visit if you have a few hours to enjoy seeing the natural beauty of Korea.", March 2015
192,4.0,It's a park,, June 2015
193,5.0,"take a break, cycling","another landmark of seoul, very beautiful and many korean are here. this is a very good place for relaxing, exercise, cycling and picnic. rent a biscycle is around 3000 krw per hour.", April 2015
194,4.0,Great for bike riding and picnics,"If you want somewhere pleasant and outdoors to hang out for a picnic in Seoul, this is a great place, particularly in the humid summer, when you'll appreciate the open space and the chance of a breeze. The Han is an impressively wide river, and is framed by the skyscrapers of Yeouido. There's a wide grassy area between the street and the river, so plenty of space to throw down a blanket, pop an bottle of wine, and chill out in the sun. Hangang park extends for miles in each direction, and is pretty much one giant cycle path, so if you have a bike, this is a great place to get exercise in peace and safety, without having to tackle the potential nightmare of cycling on the roads of central Seoul.", June 2015
195,5.0,Ride a bike!,Riding along the Han is one of my favourite things to do in Korea. Rent a bike and go exploring. Order some pizza or chicken and have it delivered to you at the park while you watch the water display at Banpo Bridge or a show on the floating stage., August 2014
196,5.0,Superb park where the old meets the new...so peaceful and tranquil,"Trees in blossom, very neat and tidy. Some superb traditional wooden structures, layout and information in both Korean and English. Nothing to dislike", April 2015
197,5.0,It's Spring!! Great Park for Chilling~,Has been knowing this park from Running Man and wanting to come here for a look. Luckily the time of my visit was during spring. Slightly sunny day and windy. Should have bring some snacks along to have a mini picnic with my deary friend. This park is ideal for outdoor, May 2015
198,4.0,A park for all,Truly an ideal park for outdoor activity. Bringing families and friends are advised especially on weekends/holiday. A special bike track or skateboard and the like is available. Restaurants/cafes are also within walking distance. The view to any directions is fantastic. , May 2015
199,5.0,Go For a Walk/Cycling/Picnic/Admire Gangbuk from This Beautiful Park.,"I walked to this park from Yeouido Park - and was impressed by the size of this park. Overlooking Hangang, you can go for a stroll, rent a bicycle, have a picnic, or simply sit anywhere in the park to admire the gorgeous city view and Gangbuk from this side of the city. With a", May 2015
