,star_point,title,text,Date of experience
0,5.0,Leisurely walk,"I was just there on Saturday and enjoyed my stroll although it was quite cold. Many blossoms were up. It wasn’t busy, and it is so easy to get to. Not far from Yongsan station. You can take the train or taxi. I took a bus and got off right in front of the National Museum of", March 2019
1,5.0,Beautiful Views,I enjoyed spending time here in the Fall.  A nice place to relax and forget the stress of life.  Beautiful park that is well kept up and beautified., October 2017
2,4.0,Good peaceful park. Uneasy to reach.,, September 2017
3,5.0,"Gorgeous park with great walking paths, picnic areas and beautiful scenery","My husband and I frequently walk and picnic at this park and have always had pleasant experiences. There are lots of nicely maintained walking paths, outdoor sculpture and plantings to enjoy, picnic areas, and a generally peaceful atmosphere. It is not often crowded. We had a maternity photo shoot done here during the cherry blossom bloom time in Seoul and were extremely pleased with them. This is a great, underrated park to see the cherry blossoms and other beautiful trees.", April 2017
4,3.0,peaceful stroll,Visited on a weekday and it was pretty quiet with small groups of people and children playing or strolling around the park. Worth to visit for 2 hours or so to enjoy nature., April 2016
5,5.0,Relaxing,"This park is awesome. It's a great place to walk, to talk, to do some exercises, to relax and watch the nature. It is really close to the museums.", February 2016
6,5.0,Relaxed & Peaceful,The Yongsan Family Park and National Museum of Korea sit right next to each other. There is connected pathway to go from one to the other.  It is a beautiful park and a peaceful escape from the hustle & bustle of the city even though we saw many families at park for picnics or exercise.  We took some beautiful photos of the ‘dragon’ falls on the right hand side if you take the path going to the Museum., October 2015
7,4.0,Great Family Park,This is a great family park in Seoul along the Han river. Great bike and walking paths.Can get very crowded at times but is still a very nice park., August 2015
8,4.0,A relaxing break in a busy city,, September 2015
9,4.0,Perfect place for a sunny day,"A lovely part of the city to head to on a sunny day. Perhaps not a must see for short-term visitors, but a good place for a rest or picnic", September 2014
10,5.0,Great for pictures,"This park is beautiful we took some great pictures here also seen couple taking their wedding pictures here, this is such a beautiful place for pictures and outdoors activities in general.", March 2014
11,5.0,Nice and quiet,, October 2013
12,4.0,Pretty spot in the city,Wandered through the gardens and footpaths of the Yongsan Family Park with my children one humid August Sunday and enjoyed the visit. Lots of families out with picnics. Pretty little waterfall and lots of little ponds. We connected to the National Museum of Korean History and walked through the temple gardens then stopped for a drink near the top plaza and enjoyed the free outdoor concert.  A lovely escape from the city streets!, August 2014
13,4.0,Cool,We went to the National Museum hoping to hop through the exhibits but I gravitated towards this park at the back of the museum.  I enjoyed sitting by the benches and watching the people walk around getting their daily exercise.  It is such a beautiful place for outdoors activities.  Even the occasional drizzling did not detain the people from coming and enjoying the place., August 2014
14,4.0,Pleasant park,"I found this park walking from the museum. Late afternoon on a week day it was quiet and pleasant ,groups of children doing activities, mums walking with toddlers in the grass. Ideal place for picnics and for children to let off stream. Good play area and toilets.", May 2014
15,5.0,Makes you forget you are in Seoul,"We have been to the park many times - and always find it a wonderful experience.  Since we live close by, we know the best times to go (which is certainly not during weekends or holidays).  During the week, the park is a oasis of greenery and becomes almost empty after 7:30 PM.", August 2013
16,4.0,green and lush,"Yongsan park is wide and spacious. There are fitness equipment within the area which are ideal for the elderly and young alike. A great way to spend an hour each day either with lots of walking around amidst fresh air or keep trim with exercisers. There's a nice playground for children too or lots of quiet space for those wanting to read a book, write or just enjoy quiet time.  Would be perfect if there is a refreshment area for cold drinks and food to satiate thirst after long walks. :)", July 2013
17,5.0,"Beautiful grounds, connected to National museum","Great for a picnic, although I usually run there. Beautiful, relaxing. The park is free and has restrooms and the museum area has food/drinks, convenience store.", May 2012
